"Chronological distribution of the tiger Panthera tigris and the Asiatic lion Panthera leo persica in their common range in Asia".
"It was the custom to burn a basket, barrel, or sack full of live cats, which was hung from a tall mast in the midst of the bonfire; sometimes a fox was burned.
"Lolcat" is a compound word of the acronymic abbreviation for "laugh out loud" (LOL) and the word "cat".
"Pee Wee" Kirkland who was drafted by the Chicago Bulls, but turned it down because he was making way more money in the drug world.
"The typewriter was a useful machine during the censorship era of the Soviet government, starting during the Russian Civil War (1917-1922).
), written by Malling-Hansen's daughter, Johanne Agerskov, in 1865, Malling-Hansen made a porcelain model of the keyboard of his writing ball and experimented with different placements of the letters to achieve the fastest writing speed.
107 Bachelor's degrees are offered across the Haas School of Business (1), College of Chemistry (5), College of Engineering (20), College of Environmental Design (4), College of Letters and Science (67), College of Natural Resources (10), and other individual majors (2).
15 minutes are allowed for a half-time break under FIBA, NBA, and NCAA rules and 10 minutes in United States high schools.
2 In total, Lucas was inducted into the Hall of Fame twice - as player and as a member of the 1960 Olympic team.
98 of March 28, 1983, owning a typewriter, both by businesses or by private persons, was subject to an approval given by the local police authorities.
A "noiseless" typewriter has a complex lever mechanism that decelerates the typebar mechanically before pressing it against the ribbon and paper in an attempt to dampen the noise.
A 1998 seismic safety study on the California campus gave the stadium a "poor" rating (meaning that the building represents an "appreciable life hazard" in an earthquake), and estimated the cost of making the structure safe at $14 million.
A 2014 paper argues that cats' "unselfconsciousness" is rare in an age of hyper-surveillance, and cat photos appeal to people as it lets them imagine "the possibility of freedom from surveillance", while presenting the power of controlling that surveillance as unproblematic.
A back-shot is a shot taken when the player is facing away from the basket, and may be shot with the dominant hand, or both; but there is a very low chance that the shot will be successful.
A blatant foul involving physical contact that is either excessive or unnecessary is called an intentional foul (flagrant foul in the NBA).
A block is performed when, after a shot is attempted, a defender succeeds in altering the shot by touching the ball.
A cat show is a judged event in which the owners of cats compete to win titles in various cat-registering organizations by entering their cats to be judged after a breed standard.
A cents symbol (C/) was created by combining (over-striking) a lower case "c" with a slash character (typing "c", then backspace, then "/").
A close Game 5 saw the Mavericks eke out a 118-112 victory with a last-minute surge led by superstar forward Dirk Nowitzki to send the series back to California at 3-2.
A common facial expression is the "grimace face" or flehmen response, which a lion makes when sniffing chemical signals and involves an open mouth with bared teeth, raised muzzle, wrinkled nose closed eyes and relaxed ears.
A day before the trade deadline, the Warriors traded Kent Bazemore and Brooks to the Los Angeles Lakers in exchange for veteran point guard Steve Blake.
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee, who is not signed by the team that drafted him, is allowed to sign with any non-NBA teams.
A dribble that touches both hands is considered stopping the dribble, giving this infraction the name double dribble.
A fairly major typewriter user is the City of New York, which in 2008 purchased several thousand typewriters, mostly for use by the New York Police Department, at the total cost of $982,269.
A few attempts to build a cat census have been made over the years, both through associations or national and international organizations (such as the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies's one) and over the Internet, but such a task does not seem simple to achieve.
A few players including Luc Longley, Andrew Gaze, Shane Heal, Chris Anstey and Andrew Bogut made it big internationally, becoming poster figures for the sport in Australia.
A field goal is worth two points, unless made from behind the three-point line, when it is worth three.
A higher place may serve as a concealed site from which to hunt; domestic cats strike prey by pouncing from a perch such as a tree branch.
A late 20th century trend in typing, primarily used with devices with small keyboards (such as PDAs and Smartphones), is thumbing or thumb typing.
A legal attempt by an offensive player to stop an opponent from guarding a teammate, by standing in the defender's way such that the teammate cuts next to him, is a screen or pick.
A less common measure of the speed of a typist, CPM is used to identify the number of characters typed per minute.
A lever on most machines allowed switching between colors, which was useful for bookkeeping entries where negative amounts were highlighted in red.
A limited number of time-outs, clock stoppages requested by a coach (or sometimes mandated in the NBA) for a short meeting with the players, are allowed.
A lioness-headed ivory carving found in Vogelherd cave in the Swabian Alb, southwest Germany, is dubbed Lowenmensch (lion-human) in German.
A more realistic version of the tiger entered the heraldic armory through the British Empire's expansion into Asia, and is referred to as the Bengal tiger to distinguish it from its older counterpart.
A new-born lion has dark spots, which fade as the cub reaches adulthood, although faint spots often may still be seen on the legs and underparts.
A number of radically different layouts such as Dvorak have been proposed to reduce the perceived inefficiencies of QWERTY, but none have been able to displace the QWERTY layout; their proponents claim considerable advantages, but so far none has been widely used.
A number of significant inventions and discoveries have been made by the Berkeley faculty and researchers:
A number of typographical conventions originate from the widespread use of the typewriter, based on the characteristics and limitations of the typewriter itself.
A player fouled while attempting a regular two-point shot thus receives two shots, and a player fouled while attempting a three-point shot receives three shots.
A player will rest the ball on the fingertips of the dominant hand (the shooting arm) slightly above the head, with the other hand supporting the side of the ball.
A proper chest pass involves an outward snap of the thumbs to add velocity and leaves the defence little time to react.
A quick movement by an offensive player without the ball to gain an advantageous position is known as a cut.
A response to middle wavelengths from a system other than the rod cells might be due to a third type of cone.
A sentence which uses every letter of the alphabet (a pangram), "A quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" can be used to check typewriters quickly.
A series of huge Brutalist concrete buildings were also built to provide much-needed housing, lab, office, and classroom space, including Evans Hall, Cory Hall, Wurster Hall, Davis Hall, McCone Hall, Zellerbach Hall, the undergraduate dorms Units 1, 2, and 3, and others.
A side effect of this technology was that the text typed on the machine could be easily read from the used ribbon, raising issues where the machines were used for preparing classified documents (ribbons had to be accounted for to ensure that typists did not carry them from the facility).
A single maharaja or English hunter could claim to kill over a hundred tigers in their hunting career.
A skilled player can dribble without watching the ball, using the dribbling motion or peripheral vision to keep track of the ball's location.
A small bell was struck a few characters before the right hand margin was reached to warn the operator to complete the word and then use the carriage-return lever to shift the paper back to the beginning of the next line.
A small group of tree-sitters occupied the oak grove on the west side of the stadium beginning on the "Big Game" day in December 2006 but in September 2008 the court injunction was lifted, the protesters came down, and construction of the athletic center began.
A strip of the product was placed over the letters needing correction, and the incorrect letters were retyped, causing the black character to be overstruck with a white overcoat.
A study in the Serengeti ecosystem revealed that lions killed at least 17 of 125 cheetah cubs born between 1987 and 1990.
A suite of songs entitled "Green Typewriters" is on The Olivia Tremor Control's album Dusk At Cubist Castle (1996), and the sounds of typewriters can be heard in a few of the sections.
A surface rupture block was placed in each end zone where the fault line passes through the stadium.
A team, once having established ball control in the front half of their court, may not return the ball to the backcourt and be the first to touch it.
A typewriter is a mechanical or electromechanical machine for writing characters similar to those produced by a printer's movable type.
A typewriter provides the percussive backing for Stereo Total's "Dactylo Rock", the first song from their 1995 debut album Oh Ah!.
A young male acquires territory either by seeking out an area devoid of other male tigers, or by living as a transient in another male's territory until he is older and strong enough to challenge the resident male.
About two hundred fifty heritable genetic disorders have been identified in cats, many similar to human inborn errors of metabolism.
Academic grades are reported on a five-letter scale (A,B,C,D,F) with grade points being modified by three-tenths of point for pluses and minuses.
According to Corbett, tiger attacks on humans are normally in daytime, when people are working outdoors and are not keeping watch.
According to Natural Pet Science, The Purrington Post averages half a million page views per trimester.
According to Norman Davies, the assembled people "shrieked with laughter as the animals, howling with pain, were singed, roasted, and finally carbonized".
According to Star Tribune, the festival's success is because "people realized that the cat video they'd chuckled over in the privacy of their homes was suddenly a thousand times funnier when there are thousands of other people around".
According to a Boston typewriter repairman quoted by The Boston Globe, "Every maternity ward has a typewriter, as well as funeral homes".
According to his literary conceit, a cockroach named "Archy" was a reincarnated free-verse poet, who would type articles overnight by jumping onto the keys of a manual typewriter.
According to the standards taught in secretarial schools in the mid-20th century, a business letter was supposed to have no mistakes and no visible corrections.
Actual brushes and paste were later replaced by hot-wax machines equipped with cylinders that applied melted adhesive wax to developed prints of "typeset" copy.
Additionally, for 2018-19, Berkeley is cited as the 6th most prestigious university in the world by the Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings, and it has been consistently recognized as one of the world's "six super brands" along with Cambridge, Harvard, MIT, Oxford and Stanford.
Admission to graduate programs is decentralized; applicants apply directly to the department or degree program.
Adult forms of several species of the tapeworm genus Taenia have been isolated from lion intestines, having been ingested as larvae in antelope meat.
After 1946, the bear's activities have been overseen by the Oski Committee, which also appoints a new Oski whenever a replacement is required.
After BCC failed, Deutsch, Lampson, and Thacker joined Xerox PARC, where they developed a number of pioneering computer technologies, culminating in the Xerox Alto that inspired the Apple Macintosh.
After Golden State fell behind 2-1 in the series, Kerr gave swingman Andre Iguodala his first start of the season, replacing center Andrew Bogut in Game 4.
After a brief rebuilding period after the trade of star Wilt Chamberlain, the team moved to San Francisco.
After a foul, timed play stops and the player fouled or designated to shoot a technical foul is given one or more one-point free throws.
After a subpar stretch in the late 1970s and early 1980s, the team had a brief resurgence under coach Karl, culminating in a 1987 Western Conference Semifinal match against Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers that is still shown on TV in the NBA's Greatest Games series.
After a team has committed a specified number of fouls, the other team is said to be "in the bonus".
After completing the novel Beautiful Losers, Leonard Cohen is said to have flung his typewriter into the Aegean Sea.
After defeating both the Spurs and the Pelicans 4-1, the Warriors came up against the top-seeded Houston Rockets in the Western Conference Finals.
After each game, Roye, Fitzgerald and Barnett get together for post-game radio analysis and a next-game preview.
After some 2,500 electric typewriters had been produced, Northeast asked Remington for a firm contract for the next batch.
After the "copy" had been correctly positioned and squared up using a T-square and set square, it was pressed down with a brayer, or roller.
After the Warriors announced that they were uncertain if they would make the customary visit to the White House by playoff champions, President Donald Trump rescinded his invitation.
After the ball hits the rim, it is again legal to touch it even though it is no longer considered as a block performed.
After the passage by the US Congress of the Morrill Act in 1862, the California legislature procrastinated in establishing a land-grant university.
Afterwards, the exterior double doors on that building were changed so they only had one doorknob, and this remains today.
All other means to prevent attacks, such as providing more prey or using electrified human dummies, worked less well.
Almost all black marketers engaged in the trade are based in China and have either been shipped and sold within in their own country or into Taiwan, South Korea or Japan.
Almost all home games were played in Oakland that season; six were played in San Diego, but none in San Francisco or Daly City.
Along with the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Berkeley was then a partner in managing two other labs, Los Alamos National Laboratory (1943) and Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (1952).
Along with this deal, came the first ever rights fees to be paid to a women's professional sports league.
Also lending credence to this myth is the fact that falling cats often land on their feet, using an instinctive righting reflex to twist their bodies around.
Also popular are the basketball camps organized for various occasions, often to get prepared for basketball events, and basketball clinics for improving skills.
Alternatively, there may be rewards associated with being a leader that fends off intruders; the rank of lionesses in the pride is reflected in these responses.
Although Emile Benard, a Frenchman, won the competition, he disliked the "uncultured" San Francisco atmosphere and refused to personally revise the plan to the site.
Although IBM had produced a successful typebar-based machine with five levels of proportional spacing, called the IBM Executive, proportional spacing was not provided with the Selectric typewriter or its successors the Selectric II and Selectric III.
Although Oski has his benign side ("patient" and "silent"), he is more often presented as growling, fighting, rumbling, grumbling, thundering, and shaking the ground.
Although adult lions have no natural predators, evidence suggests most die violently from attacks by humans or other lions.
Although almost exclusively carnivorous, tigers will occasionally eat vegetation for dietary fibre such as fruit of the slow match tree.
Although electric typewriters would not achieve widespread popularity until nearly a century later, the basic groundwork for the electric typewriter was laid by the Universal Stock Ticker, invented by Thomas Edison in 1870.
Although good accuracy may be achieved, any typing errors that are made may not be noticed immediately due to the user not looking at the screen.
Although in one episode Fletcher rejects a character's offer to sell her a computer to replace the old Royal (which he calls a "dinosaur"), towards the series' end, she too begins using a computer and word-processing typewriter.
Although it may be considered frivolous, cat-related internet content contributes to how people interact with media and culture.
Although lions can be active at any time, their activity generally peaks after dusk with a period of socialising, grooming and defecating.
Although many modern typewriters have one of several similar designs, their invention was incremental, developed by numerous inventors working independently or in competition with each other over a series of decades.
Although many modern zoos are more selective about their exhibits, there are more than 1,000 African and 100 Asiatic lions in zoos and wildlife parks around the world.
Although predators typically avoid one another, if a prey item is under dispute or a serious competitor is encountered, displays of aggression are common.
Although some players can perform such a pass effectively, many coaches discourage no-look or behind-the-back passes, believing them to be difficult to control and more likely to result in turnovers or violations.
Although the Warriors considered a name change, possibly returning to their former name of San Francisco Warriors, it was ultimately decided that they would remain the Golden State Warriors upon their return to San Francisco.
Although the cause of the decline is not fully understood, habitat loss and conflicts with humans are the greatest causes for concern.
Although the rules do not specify any positions whatsoever, they have evolved as part of basketball.
Although the website in its most recent form was shut down, it still generates (primarily spam) petitions to shut the site down or complain to its ISP.
Although these changes reduced prices--and greatly increased the convenience--of typewriters, the technological disruption posed by word processors left these improvements with only a short-term low-end market.
Although they can kill healthy adults, tigers often select the calves or infirm of very large species.
Altogether 143 TCUs were identified and prioritized based on size and integrity of habitat, poaching pressure and population status.
American Charles Thurber developed multiple patents, of which his first in 1843 was developed as an aid to the blind, such as the 1845 Chirographer.
American and Tanzanian scientists report that man-eating behaviour in rural areas of Tanzania increased greatly from 1990 to 2005.
Among feral cats, the most common reason for cat fighting is competition between two males to mate with a female.
An adult lioness requires an average of about 5 kg (11 lb) of meat per day while males require about 7 kg (15 lb).
An adult tiger can go for up to two weeks without eating, then gorge on 34 kg (75 lb) of flesh at one time.
An agreement with Remington in 1924 saw production transferred to Remington, and a further agreement in 1929 allowed Underwood to produce it as well.
An analysis of the domestic cat genome revealed that the ancestral wildcat genome was significantly altered in the process of domestication as specific mutations were selected to develop cat breeds.
An attempt to unfairly disadvantage an opponent through certain types of physical contact is illegal and is called a personal foul.
An average professional typist reaches 50 to 80 wpm, while some positions can require 80 to 95 wpm (usually the minimum required for dispatch positions and other typing jobs), and some advanced typists work at speeds above 120 wpm.
An example of a keyboard shortcut is pressing the Ctrl key plus the S key to save a document as they type, or the Ctrl key plus the Z key to undo a mistake.
An example would be the belief that a black cat "crossing one's path" leads to bad luck, or that cats are witches' familiars used to augment a witch's powers and skills.
An individual cat always rights itself in the same way during a fall, provided it has sufficient time to do so.
An upstart organization, the American Basketball Association, emerged in 1967 and briefly threatened the NBA's dominance until the ABA-NBA merger in 1976.
And in 1926, the Amateur Athletic Union backed the first national women's basketball championship, complete with men's rules.
Angered by management's failure to pay him certain incentive bonuses he felt were due him, Barry sat out the 1967-68 season and signed with the Oakland Oaks of the rival American Basketball Association for the following year, but after four seasons in the ABA rejoined the Warriors in 1972.
Another 11 animals thought to be Barbary lions kept in Addis Ababa Zoo are descendants of animals owned by Emperor Haile Selassie.
Another Xerox PARC researcher, Charles Simonyi (BS 1972), pioneered the first WYSIWIG word processor program and was recruited personally by Bill Gates to join the fledgling company known as Microsoft to create Microsoft Word.
Another advanced style of passing is the behind-the-back pass, which, as the description implies, involves throwing the ball behind the passer's back to a teammate.
Another common reason for fighting in domestic cats is the difficulty of establishing territories within a small home.
Another explanation is that they attempt to teach their guardians to hunt or to help their human as if feeding "an elderly cat, or an inept kitten".
Another fast typist of the Beat Generation was Richard Brautigan, who said that he thought out the plots of his books in detail beforehand, then typed them out at speeds approaching 90 to 100 words a minute.
Another poorly understood element of cat hunting behavior is the presentation of prey to human guardians.
Another possible explanation is that height gives the cat a better observation point, allowing it to survey its territory.
Any deaf sporting event that happens, its purpose is to serve as a catalyst for the socialization of a low-incidence and geographically dispersed population.
Apart from humans and other tigers, common causes of cub mortality are starvation, freezing, and accidents.
Around the time they are weaned, they start to accompany their mother on territorial walks and are taught how to hunt.
As a result, anti-poaching controls were put in place by the Soviet Union and a network of protected zones (zapovedniks) were instituted, leading to a rise in the population to several hundred.
As it speeds up walking to trotting, its gait changes to a "diagonal" gait: the diagonally opposite hind and fore legs move simultaneously.
As of 2005, writer Barbara Blackburn was the fastest English language typist in the world, according to The Guinness Book of World Records.
As of 2006, Berkeley's library system contains over 11 million volumes and maintains over 70,000 serial titles.
As of 2015, the global wild tiger population was estimated to number between 3,062 and 3,948 mature individuals, down from around 100,000 at the start of the 20th century, with most remaining populations occurring in small pockets isolated from each other.
As of 2015, there are over 2 million cat videos on YouTube alone, and cats are one of the most searched keywords on the internet.
As of 2018, 34 alumni and 40 past and present full-time faculty are counted among the 107 Nobel laureates associated with the university.
As of February 2013, the site contained photographs of over 8,000 cats, submitted by owners with digital cameras and internet access and then approved by Neve as content.
As of October 2019, 107 Nobel laureates have been affiliated with the university as faculty, alumni or researchers, the most of any public university in the United States and third most of any university in the world.
As the rainforest decreased, thus giving rise to more open habitats, lions moved from West to Central Africa.
As the stadium sits directly on the fault, this raised campus concerns of the safety of student athletes in the event of an earthquake as they train in facilities under the stadium stands.
As there is no evidence of native mammalian fauna on Cyprus, the inhabitants of this Neolithic village most likely brought the cat and other wild mammals to the island from the Middle Eastern mainland.
As with most other early typewriters, because the typebars strike upwards, the typist could not see the characters as they were typed.
As with the automobile, telephone, and telegraph, a number of people contributed insights and inventions that eventually resulted in ever more commercially successful instruments.
Astronauts James van Hoften (BS 1966), Margaret Rhea Seddon (BA 1970), Leroy Chiao (BS 1983), and Rex Walheim (BS 1984) have orbited the earth in NASA's fleet of space shuttles.
At Metz midsummer fires were lighted with great pomp on the esplanade, and a dozen cats, enclosed in wicker cages, were burned alive in them, to the amusement of the people.
At about the same time, the advent of photocopying meant that carbon copies and erasers were less and less necessary; only the original need be typed, and photocopies made from it.
At one point in time, most small-business offices would be completely "old-style", while large corporations and government departments would already be "new-style"; other offices would have a mixture.
At the 2005 trading deadline, he bolstered to the team with the acquisition of  point guard Baron Davis, bringing to the team its first superstar since Mullin himself.
At the Beijing Olympics in 2008, Natalie Coughlin (BA 2005) became the first American female athlete in modern Olympic history to win six medals in one Olympics.
At the beginning of the 2018-2019 school year, a new building called Blackwell Hall, was opened across the street from Unit 3.
At the end of the nineteenth century, the term typewriter was also applied to a person who used a typing machine.
At the start of the 20th century, it was estimated there were over 100,000 tigers in the wild, but the population has dwindled outside of captivity to between 1,500 and 3,500.
At the start of the next season, however, a rift formed between Webber and Sprewell on the one hand and Nelson on the other.
At the time, many basketball writers considered the move risky for Golden State because of Curry's injury history.
At times, non-prisoners may play in such leagues, provided all home and away games are played within prison courts.
Attacks are occasionally provoked, as tigers lash out after being injured while they themselves are hunted.
Attacks can be provoked accidentally, as when a human surprises a tiger or inadvertently comes between a mother and her young, or as in a case in rural India when a postman startled a tiger, used to seeing him on foot, by riding a bicycle.
Audrey Wells (BA 1981) wrote the screenplay The Truth About Cats & Dogs, which starred Oscar-nominated actress Uma Thurman.
Australia New Zealand champions (so called ANZ Championship) is very famous in Australia and New Zealand as the premier netball league.
Author Cormac McCarthy continues to write his novels on an Olivetti Lettera 32 typewriter to the present day.
Author Ray Bradbury used a typewriter for rent at the library to write his work known as Fahrenheit 451, which was published in 1953.
Barnstorming squads such as the Original Celtics and two all-African American teams, the New York Renaissance Five ("Rens") and the (still existing) Harlem Globetrotters played up to two hundred games a year on their national tours.
Based on the cyclotron, UC Berkeley scientists and researchers, along with Berkeley Lab, went on to discover 16 chemical elements of the periodic table - more than any other university in the world.
Basket interference, or goaltending is a violation charged when a player illegally interferes with a shot.
Basketball Schools and Academies, where students are trained in developing basketball fundamentals, undergo fitness and endurance exercises and learn various basketball skills.
Basketball has been adopted by various social groups, which have established their own environments and sometimes their own rules.
Basketball is played widely casually in schools and colleges where fun, entertainment and camaraderie rule rather than winning a game.
Basketball students learn proper ways of passing, ball handling, dribbling, shooting from various distances, rebounding, offensive moves, defense, layups, screens, basketball rules and basketball ethics.
Basketball's early adherents were dispatched to YMCAs throughout the United States, and it quickly spread through the United States and Canada.
Basketball's popularity remains high, both in rural areas where they carry the identification of the entire community, as well as at some larger schools known for their basketball teams where many players go on to participate at higher levels of competition after graduation.
Beach basketball - A modified version of basketball, played on beaches, was invented by Philip Bryant.
Beach basketball is played in a circular court with no backboard on the goal, no out-of-bounds rule with the ball movement to be done via passes or 21/2 steps, as dribbling is next to impossible on a soft surface.
Beamis fielded the first college basketball team just a year after the Springfield YMCA game at the suburban Pittsburgh Geneva College.
Because lions have never been native to China, early depictions were somewhat unrealistic; after the introduction of Buddhist art to China in the Tang Dynasty after the sixth century AD, lions were usually depicted wingless with shorter, thicker bodies and curly manes.
Because of rapid habitat loss attributed to climate change, tiger attacks have increased in the Sundarbans.
Because of the inclusion of seat back and bench back seating in the same footprint as before, the renovation and retrofit reduced the seating capacity by around 10,000 seats.
Because of the relative newness of this industry, most owners of famous cats found themselves stumbling into internet stardom without intentionally planning it.
Because of their proximity to the College of Engineering and College of Chemistry, these residence halls often house science and engineering majors.
Because of this success, it became evident that California needed an even larger venue to host its football team, therefore, the team and its fans began pushing for a new stadium.
Because ovulation is not always triggered by a single mating, females may not be impregnated by the first male with which they mate.
Because the male tiger does not pass on a growth-promoting gene and the lioness passes on a growth inhibiting gene, tigons are around the same size as their parents.
Because the stadium would be directly atop the Hayward Fault, it was constructed out of two halves, the eastern side was built into the hills, while the west side contained the main structure built in the neo-classical architecture style to resemble the Roman Coliseum.
Because the typographer used a dial, rather than keys, to select each character, it was called an "index typewriter" rather than a "keyboard typewriter".
Because these characteristics show much variation between individuals, most of these forms were probably not true subspecies, especially because they were often based upon museum material with "striking, but abnormal" morphological characteristics.
Before 1970, the general commencement exercises of the University of California was regularly held at Memorial Stadium.
Before releasing them back into their feral colonies, the attending veterinarian often nips the tip off one ear to mark it as neutered and inoculated, since these cats may be trapped again.
Before the shift key, typewriters had to have a separate key and typebar for upper-case letters; in essence, the typewriter had two keyboards, one above the other.
Before using the key, the operator had to set mechanical "tab stops", pre-designated locations to which the carriage would advance when the tab key was pressed.
Before widespread school district consolidation, most American high schools were far smaller than their present-day counterparts.
Being a typist was considered the right choice for a "good girl", meaning women who present themselves as being chaste and having good conduct.
Berenson's freshmen played the sophomore class in the first women's intercollegiate basketball game at Smith College, March 21, 1893.
Berkeley UNIX/Berkeley Software Distribution (BSD) - The Computer Systems Research Group was a research group at Berkeley that was dedicated to enhancing AT&T Unix operating system and funded by Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency.
Berkeley alumni have also led various technology companies such as Electronic Arts, Google, Adobe Systems, Softbank (Masayoshi Son) and Qualcomm.
Berkeley alumni have developed a number of key technologies associated with the personal computer and the Internet.
Berkeley and UCSF have a long history of cooperation in medical research and are the two oldest campuses in the UC system.
Berkeley does not have a medical school, but the university offers the UC Berkeley - UCSF Joint Medical Program with the University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), a standalone medical school that is also part of the University of California.
Berkeley gained worldwide reputation for student activism in the 1960s with the Free Speech Movement of 1964 and opposition to the Vietnam War.
Berkeley has a "comprehensive" graduate program with high coexistence with the programs offered to undergraduates, but no medical school.
Berkeley is a large, primarily residential Tier One research university with a majority of its enrollment in undergraduate programs, but also offers a comprehensive doctoral graduate program.
Berkeley is often ranked as a top-ten university in the world and the top public university in the United States, as well as the top public university producing Nobel laureates and billionaires.
Berkeley offers 106 Bachelor's degrees, 88 Master's degrees, 97 research-focused doctoral programs and 31 professionally focused graduate degrees.
Berkeley's 32 libraries together make up the fourth largest academic library in the United States, surpassed by Harvard University Library, Yale University Library and University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign Library.
Berkeley's enrollment of National Merit Scholars was third in the nation until 2002, when participation in the National Merit program was discontinued.
Between 1864 and 1867, Peter Mitterhofer, a carpenter from South Tyrol (then part of Austria) developed several models and a fully functioning prototype typewriter in 1867.
Between the early and mid 20th century, white tigers were recorded and shot in the Indian states of Odisha, Bihar, Assam and in the area of Rewa, Madhya Pradesh.
Between the mid-18th and mid-20th centuries, 26 lion specimens were described and proposed as subspecies, of which 11 were recognised as valid in 2005.
Between these territories are neutral areas where cats watch and greet one another without territorial conflicts.
Bill Joy modified the code and released it in 1977 under the open source BSD license, starting an open-source revolution.
Blackburn, who failed her QWERTY typing class in high school, first encountered the Dvorak layout in 1938, quickly learned to achieve very high speeds, and occasionally toured giving speed-typing demonstrations during her secretarial career.
Blue and Gold were specified and made the official colors of the university and the state colors of California in 1955.
Bob Fitzgerald has done television play-by-play, and former Warriors swingman Kelenna Azubuike does color commentary for the Warriors on NBC Sports Bay Area, where they telecast more than 70 Warrior games a year.
Bone fragments excavated in European, North Asian, Canadian and Alaskan caves indicate that it ranged from Europe across Siberia into western Alaska.
Bonsai Kitten is a satirical website launched in 2000 that claims to provide instructions on how to grow a kitten in a jar, so as to mold the bones of the kitten into the shape of the jar as the cat grows, much like how a bonsai plant is shaped.
Boosted by the additions of Blake and Crawford and the play of 35-year-old Jermaine O'Neal (who returned sooner than expected from wrist surgery), the Warriors were one of the winningest teams in the NBA after the All-Star break.
Both male and female lions may be ousted from prides to become nomads, although most females usually remain with their birth pride.
Both males and females show a flehmen response, a characteristic grimace, when sniffing urine markings, but flehmen is more often associated with males detecting the markings made by tigresses in oestrus.
Both of these records are essentially sprint speeds on short text selections lasting much less than one minute and were achieved on the QWERTY keyboard.
Both pedigreed and non-purebred companion ("moggy"") cats are admissible, although the rules differ from organization to organization.
Both teams were having a good season in 1923 with California going undefeated up to that point (with a tie to Nevada) and Stanford going into the Big Game with a record of 7-1.
Bowles Hall, privately owned and the country's oldest residential college, is located on the north side of campus in-between California Memorial Stadium and the Hearst Greek Theater.
Bowles Hall--built in 1928--is California's oldest state-owned dormitory and is also listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Bowles is best recognized for its Collegiate Gothic architecture and known for its long standing and unusual traditions, close-knit community, and pranks.
Breeding programs need to note origins of the participating animals to avoid cross-breeding different subspecies and thus reducing their conservation value.
Buildings he regarded as temporary, nonacademic, or not particularly "serious" were designed in shingle or Collegiate Gothic styles, such as North Gate Hall, Dwinelle Annex, and Stephens Hall.
Buildings he regarded as temporary, nonacademic, or not particularly "serious" were designed in shingle or Collegiate Gothic styles; examples of these are North Gate Hall, Dwinelle Annex, and Stephens Hall.
Built in 1873 in a Victorian Second-Empire-style, South Hall, designed by David Farquharson, is the oldest university building in California.
Business letters were typed on heavyweight, high-rag-content bond paper, not merely to provide a luxurious appearance, but also to stand up to erasure.
But the black or white coating could be partly rubbed off with handling, so such corrections were generally not acceptable in legal documents.
By 1895, the game had spread to colleges across the country, including Wellesley, Vassar, and Bryn Mawr.
By 1920s, the number of campus buildings had grown substantially, and included twenty structures designed by architect John Galen Howard.
By 1938, the women's national championship changed from a three-court game to two-court game with six players per team.
By 1942, the American Council on Education ranked Berkeley second only to Harvard in the number of distinguished departments.
By 1970, as offset printing began to replace letterpress printing, the Composer would be adapted as the output unit for a typesetting system.
By 1993 it had banned the trade in tiger parts, and this diminished the use of tiger bones in traditional Chinese medicine.
By 2014, no lions were recorded in the protected area so the population is considered locally extinct.
By 2015, the population had grown to 523 individuals inhabiting an area of 7,000 km2 (2,700 sq mi) in Saurashtra.
By August 1999, the teams of the STP had evaluated 52 sites of potential tiger habitat in Lampung Province, of which only 15 these were intact enough to contain tigers.
By assigning varied rather than uniform spacing to different sized characters, the Type 4 recreated the appearance of a printed page, an effect that was further enhanced by including the 1937 innovation of carbon-film ribbons that produced clearer, sharper words on the page.
By living together in large houses and pooling together resources, members found that their monetary resources could go further to pay for their cost of living than living separately.
By not having to focus on the ball, a player can look for teammates or scoring opportunities, as well as avoid the danger of having someone steal the ball away from him/her.
By the 1950s, basketball had become a major college sport, thus paving the way for a growth of interest in professional basketball.
By the 1970s, IBM had succeeded in establishing the Selectric as the de facto standard typewriter in mid- to high-end office environments, replacing the raucous "clack" of older typebar machines with the quieter sound of gyrating typeballs.
By this method, gaurs and water buffaloes weighing over a ton have been killed by tigers weighing about a sixth as much.
CDV is spread by domestic dogs and other carnivores; a 1994 outbreak in Serengeti National Park resulted in many lions developing neurological symptoms such as seizures.
CPM has also been applied to 20th century printers, but modern faster printers more commonly use PPM (pages per minute).
CRISPR gene editing - Jennifer Doudna discovers a precise and inexpensive way for manipulating DNA in human cells.
Cal is also a member of the Mountain Pacific Sports Federation in several sports not sponsored by the Pac-12 and the America East Conference in women's field hockey.
California Field is also notable because it is where many of California's longstanding traditions began to take form.
California Field is also where the Golden Bears gained national prominence under head coach Andrew Latham Smith.
California Field opened its doors in 1904 to replace the antiquated West Field and the boosted capacity allowed California to host important games for the first time.
California Memorial Stadium has seen a number of major events throughout the years other than California football.
California Memorial Stadium is an outdoor football stadium on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley in Berkeley, California.
California brought the seating capacity further down to 67,537 with tarps being placed over four sections (one in each corner).
California played its first seven games of the 1923 season at old California Field preparing to open the new 75,000 seat stadium at Strawberry Canyon for the final game of the season--the Big Game--against Stanford.
Captive Leopardus cats may also display affectionate behavior toward humans, but were not domesticated.
Carbon 14 & Photosynthesis - Martin Kamen and Sam Ruben first discovered carbon 14 in 1940, and Nobel laureate Melvin Calvin and his colleges used carbon 14 as a molecular tracer to reveal the carbon assimilation path in photosynthesis, known as Calvin cycle.
Carol Greider (PhD 1987), professor of molecular biology and genetics at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, was awarded the 2009 Nobel Prize in medicine for discovering a key mechanism in the genetic operations of cells, an insight that has inspired new lines of research into cancer.
Carvings and paintings of lions discovered in the Lascaux and Chauvet Caves in France have been dated to 15,000 to 17,000 years old.
Cases in Lindi in which lions seize humans from the centres of substantial villages have been documented.
Cat communication includes vocalizations like meowing, purring, trilling, hissing, growling and grunting as well as cat-specific body language.
Cat pelts have been used for superstitious purposes as part of the practise of witchcraft, and are still made into blankets in Switzerland as folk remedies believed to help rheumatism.
Cats That Look Like Hitler is a satirical website featuring photographs of cats that bear an alleged resemblance to Adolf Hitler.
Cats and many other animals have a Jacobson's organ in their mouths that is used in the behavioral process of flehmening.
Cats are common pets throughout the world, and their worldwide population exceeds 500 million as of 2007.
Cats are often shown in icons of Annunciation and of the Holy Family and, according to Italian folklore, on the same night that Mary gave birth to Jesus, a cat in Bethlehem gave birth to a kitten.
Cats are sensitive to pheromones such as 3-mercapto-3-methylbutan-1-ol, which they use to communicate through urine spraying and marking with scent glands.
Cats can be infected or infested with viruses, bacteria, fungus, protozoans, arthropods or worms that can transmit diseases to humans.
Cats eventually displaced ferrets as the pest control of choice because they were more pleasant to have around the house and were more enthusiastic hunters of mice.
Cats have excellent night vision and can see at only one-sixth the light level required for human vision.
Cats have relatively few taste buds compared to humans (470 or so versus more than 9,000 on the human tongue).
Cats reject novel flavors (a response termed neophobia) and learn quickly to avoid foods that have tasted unpleasant in the past.
Cats use two hunting strategies, either stalking prey actively, or waiting in ambush until an animal comes close enough to be captured.
Cave paintings of extinct Eurasian cave lions almost exclusively show hunting animals without a mane; some suggest that this is evidence that they were indeed maneless.
Center (the "5"): uses height and size to score (on offense), to protect the basket closely (on defense), or to rebound.
Center Andrew Bogut was traded, along with a future second-round pick, to the Dallas Mavericks in exchange for a future conditional second-round pick.
Centers Festus Ezeli and Marreese Speights left the Warriors for other teams, as did guard Leandro Barbosa.
Certain species appear more susceptible than others; for example, 30% of house sparrow mortality is linked to the domestic cat.
Chemical Elements - 16 elements have been discovered at Berkeley (astatine, neptunium, plutonium, curium, americium, berkelium, californium, einsteinium, fermium, mendelevium, nobelium, lawrencium, dubnium, seaborgium, technetium, and rutherfordium).
Chris Innis (BA 1991) won the 2010 Oscar for film editing for her work on best picture winner, The Hurt Locker.
Chuffing--soft, low-frequency snorting similar to purring in smaller cats--is heard in more friendly situations.
Coach Nelson often had to make adjustments to the starting lineups since many of the original starters missed games due to injuries.
College basketball was rocked by gambling scandals from 1948 to 1951, when dozens of players from top teams were implicated in match fixing and point shaving.
College men's games use two 20-minute halves, college women's games use 10-minute quarters, and most United States high school varsity games use 8-minute quarters; however, this varies from state to state.
Colleges are both undergraduate and graduate, while Schools are generally graduate only, though some offer undergraduate majors, minors, or courses.
Colonel Meow (adopted October 11, 2011 - January 29, 2014) was a male Himalayan-Persian crossbreed cat, who holds the 2014 Guinness world record for the longest fur on a cat (nine inches or about 23 cm).
Coming into the market in the early 1880s, the index typewriter uses a pointer or stylus to choose a letter from an index.
Committee members are charged with the maintenance of the five Cal flags, the large California banner overhanging the Memorial Stadium Student Section and Haas Pavilion, the California Victory Cannon, Card Stunts and The Big "C" among other duties.
Commonly known as Memorial Stadium, it is the home field for the University of California Golden Bears of the Pac-12 Conference.
Compared to other felines, domestic cats have narrowly spaced canine teeth relative to the size of their jaw, which is an adaptation to their preferred prey of small rodents, which have small vertebrae.
Competing cats are compared to the applicable breed standard, and assessed for temperament and apparent health; the owners of those judged to be most ideal awarded a prize.
Competitive levels require the use of more equipment such as clocks, score sheets, scoreboard(s), alternating possession arrows, and whistle-operated stop-clock systems.
Composer typeballs physically resembled those of the Selectric typewriter but were not interchangeable.
Concepts from Project Genie influenced the development of the TENEX operating system for the PDP-10, and Unix, which inherited the concept of process forking from it.
Construction began in August 2014 with a $20 million grant from the Paul and Stacy Jacobs foundation.
Contributing to the illegal trade, there are a number of tiger farms in the country specialising in breeding the cats for profit.
Correction Efficiency = IF/FParticipant conscientiousness is the ratio of corrected errors to the total number of error, which helps distinguish perfectionists from apathetic participants.
Correction fluid was a kind of opaque, white, fast-drying paint that produced a fresh white surface onto which, when dry, a correction could be retyped.
Cory Hall, the electrical engineering building, was the site of two attacks by the Unabomber in 1982 and 1985.
Created in 2010, the popularity of using emoji and Facebook stickers led to a rise in Pusheen's popularity.
Crippled lions and cubs may fall victim to hyenas and leopards or be trampled by buffalo or elephants.
Cubs suffer most when food is scarce but otherwise all pride members eat their fill, including old and crippled lions, which can live on leftovers.
Current conservation efforts are led by local governments and NGO's in concert with international organisations, such as the World Wide Fund for Nature and the Wildlife Conservation Society.
Currently, it occurs in less than 6% of its historical range, as it has been extirpated from Southwest and Central Asia, large parts of Southeast and East Asia.
Currently, two tools are publicly available for text entry researchers to record text entry performance metrics.
Curry and Klay Thompson, dubbed the "Splash Brothers" by team employee Brian Witt for their backcourt shooting prowess, combined for 483 three-pointers during the season, easily besting the prior record of 435 set by the Orlando Magic's Nick Anderson and Dennis Scott in 1995-96.
Curry broke numerous three-point records during the season, including his own NBA record for made three-pointers in a season of 286; he finished the season with 402 three-pointers.
Curry is the 11th player to win back-to-back MVP honors and became the first player in NBA history to win the MVP award by unanimous vote, winning all 131 first-place votes.
Curry was also the leader in the voting polls for the 2015 NBA All-Star Game, won the 2014-15 NBA Most Valuable Player award and the 2015 ESPYs Best Male Athlete award.
Curry, who finished the season with 261 threes, set an individual record for most three-pointers in a span of two seasons with 533, surpassing the previous mark of 478 set by former Seattle SuperSonics legend Ray Allen in 2004-05 and 2005-06.
Daniel Kahneman was awarded the 2002 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics for his work in Prospect theory.
Dark energy - Saul Perlmutter and many others in the Supernova Cosmology Project discover the universe is expanding because of dark energy 1998.
Data from BuzzFeed and Tumblr has shown that dog videos have more views than those of cats, and less than 1% of posts on Reddit mention cats.
Data on the reproductive capacity of more than 2,300 free-ranging queens were collected during a study between May 1998 and October 2000.
David McCullough bought a second-hand Royal typewriter in 1965 and has used it to compose every book he has published.
David Sedaris used a typewriter to write his essay collections through Me Talk Pretty One Day at least.
Davis Hall, primarily the location of the Civil Engineering Department, will be expanded to serve as the headquarters for the Center for Information Technology Research in the Interest of Society (CITRIS).
Davis often found himself at odds with new head coach Mike Montgomery (used to dealing with college players in his long tenure at Stanford) and failed to remain healthy, playing in just 54 games.
Davis scored 32 points and electrified the crowd with a monster dunk on Jazz forward Andrei Kirilenko late in the fourth quarter, but they lost Game 4 at home, their first loss in Oakland in well over a month and the Jazz closed them out in Game 5 in Salt Lake City.
Demand for tiger parts for use in traditional Chinese medicine has also been cited as a major threat to tiger populations.
Democratic Education at Cal, or DeCal, is a program that promotes the creation of professor-sponsored, student-facilitated classes through the Special Studies 98/198 program.
Despite early-season injuries to Brandon Rush and Andrew Bogut, and despite starting two rookies (Barnes and Ezeli), the 2012-13 Warriors had one of their best starts in decades.
Despite reaching a 3-2 disadvantage against the Rockets after Game 5, the Warriors staved off elimination and came back to win the series 4-3, winning the Western Conference for the 4th straight year.
Despite the team's losing record, the Warriors were hard to beat when they had a healthy lineup and a strong bench.
Despite their large size, tigers can reach speeds of about 49-65 km/h (30-40 mph) but only in short bursts; consequently, tigers must be close to their prey before they break cover.
Dirks said he would step down upon the selection of a successor, who will be picked by a search committee of a dozen university leaders.
Disabled basketball is played by various disabled groups, such as the deaf and physically crippled people.
Diseases affecting domestic cats include acute infections, parasitic infestations, injuries, and chronic diseases such as kidney disease, thyroid disease, and arthritis.
Doe Library serves as the library system's reference, periodical, and administrative center, while most of the main collections are housed in the subterranean Gardner Main Stacks and Moffitt Undergraduate Library.
Domestic and wild cats share a taste receptor gene mutation that keeps their sweet taste buds from binding to sugary molecules, leaving them with no ability to taste sweetness.
Domestic cats are, however, known to be a contributing factor to the decline of many species, a factor that has ultimately led, in some cases, to extinction.
Domestic cats spend the majority of their time in the vicinity of their homes, but can range many hundreds of meters from this central point.
Domestic cats use many vocalizations for communication, including purring, trilling, hissing, growling/snarling, grunting, and several different forms of meowing.
Don Marquis purposely used the limitations of a typewriter (or more precisely, a particular typist) in his archy and mehitabel series of newspaper columns, which were later compiled into a series of books.
Double hyphens are also standard in Western comics lettering despite historically being done by hand.
Dribbling is the act of bouncing the ball continuously with one hand and is a requirement for a player to take steps with the ball.
Dry correction products (such as correction paper) under brand names such as "Ko-Rec-Type" were introduced in the 1970s and functioned like white carbon paper.
Due of the loss of key players such as Barry, Wilkes and Thurmond to trades and retirements, the Warriors struggled to put a competitive team on the court from 1978 to 1987 after being one of the NBA's dominant teams in the 1960s and most of the 1970s.
Due to its ability to thrive in almost any terrestrial habitat, it is among the world's most invasive species.
Due to the seismic vulnerability of the old press box, the University of California dismantled the structure and installed a temporary facility that stood until the 2010 season.
Due to the variation in skull sizes of the two species, the structure of the lower jaw is a reliable indicator for their identification.
Due to their multiple injuries, they were granted an exception allowing them to sign Reggie Williams from the Sioux Falls Skyforce to a 10-day contract on March 2.
Dunk Ball) is a variation of the game of basketball, played on basketball hoops with lowered (under basketball regulation 10 feet) rims.
During Barry's absence, the Warriors were no longer title contenders, and the mantle of leadership fell to Thurmond, Jeff Mullins and Rudy LaRusso.
During World War II, the military increased its presence on campus to recruit more officers, and by 1944, more than 1,000 Berkeley students were enrolled in the V-12 Navy College Training Program and naval training school for diesel engineering.
During a fall from a high place, a cat reflexively twists its body and rights itself to land on its feet using its acute sense of balance and flexibility.
During the 1960s, Berkeley students chained the doorknobs of the Chancellor's office in protest over the Vietnam War.
During the 2006 off-season, Golden State announced that it had bought out the remaining two years of coach Montgomery's contract and hired previous Golden State and former Dallas Mavericks coach Don Nelson to take over for him.
During the 2009 off-season, Warrior ownership declined to renew the contract of general manager Chris Mullin.
During the 2013 off-season, Golden State signed former Denver Nuggets swingman and future NBA Finals MVP Andre Iguodala to a four-year, $48 million deal.
During the European colonisation of Africa in the 19th century, the hunting of lions was encouraged because they were considered as vermin and lion hides fetched PS1 each.
During the Roman Empire they were introduced to Corsica and Sardinia before the beginning of the 1st millennium.
During the early years of basketball's evolution, two guards, two forwards, and one center were used.
During the first decades of the 20th century, basketball quickly became the ideal interscholastic sport due to its modest equipment and personnel requirements.
During the period in which Sholes and his colleagues were experimenting with this invention, other keyboard arrangements were apparently tried, but these are poorly documented.
During this period the family was joined by two adult females and one adult male, all offspring from Padmini's previous litters, and by two unrelated tigers, one female the other unidentified.
During this return, the varsity football practices were held at Witter Rugby Field, saving the stadium's grass field for game days only.
Dwinelle Hall is another large building on campus; its rooms are strangely numbered both because Dwinelle Hall was built with entrances on different levels on a slope and because its expansions were numbered differently from the original building.
Each cat in a colony holds a distinct territory, with sexually active males having the largest territories, which are about 10 times larger than those of female cats and may overlap with several females' territories.
Edith Head (BA 1918), who was nominated for 34 Oscars during her career, won eight Oscars for costume design.
Either mechanism caused a different portion of the typebar to come in contact with the ribbon/platen.
Ellis was injured in a moped accident, and suspended for 30 games for riding the vehicle against the terms of his contract, depriving the Warriors of their top player.
Entering the 2006-07 season, the Warriors held the active record (12) for the most consecutive seasons without a playoff appearance (see Active NBA non-playoff appearance streaks).
Ernest Hemingway used to write his books standing up in front of a Royal typewriter suitably placed on a tall bookshelf.
Ernest Lawrence, a Nobel laureate in physics who invented the cyclotron at Berkeley, and founded the Radiation Laboratory on campus, which later became the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory.
Estimates of the African lion population range between 16,500 and 47,000 living in the wild in 2002-2004.
Evans Hall is widely reviled; a recent campus development plan lists Evans Hall as a candidate for demolition within the next fifteen years.
Even as the team rolled towards the post-season, signs emerged of trouble in the Warriors' front office.
Even so, all Selectrics were monospaced--each character and letterspace was allotted the same width on the page, from a capital "W" to a period.
Even though he could not see, Oskar could function perfectly well using his other senses, and was happy and healthy.
Even without Bogut, the Warriors battled the third-seed Los Angeles Clippers to a seventh and deciding game in the first round of the playoffs before their 2013-14 season came to an end.
Eventually a lace-free ball construction method was invented, and this change to the game was endorsed by Naismith.
Eventually caught up and arrested, he then found himself playing in the Anthracite Basketball League, representing Lewis-burgh penitentiary.
Exactly where in the budget the funds would be taken was not announced, although the chancellor did state that they would not be taken out of student tuition or tax-payer funds for the university.
Examples of ethnic basketball include Indo-Pak or Russian or Armenian leagues in the United States or Canada, for example, or Filipino expatriate basketball leagues in the Gulf or the United States.
Except the historic facade entire west side of the stadium was demolished, allowing the university to make the venue seismically safe, and add modern amenities.
Expansion joints were placed where the two sides connected, allowing them to separately move during an earthquake.
Extinction of lions in southern Europe, North Africa and the Middle East interrupted gene flow between lion populations in Asia and Africa.
FIBA (International Basketball Federation) was formed in 1932 by eight founding nations: Argentina, Czechoslovakia, Greece, Italy, Latvia, Portugal, Romania and Switzerland.
Faced with opposition from the National Federation of State High School Associations and North Central Association of Colleges and Schools that bore a threat of the schools losing their accreditation the last tournament was in 1930.
Facial expressions include the "defense threat", where an individual bares its teeth, flattens its ears and its pupils enlarge.
Faculty member Edward Teller was (together with Stanislaw Ulam) the "father of the hydrogen bomb", who laid important foundations for the establishment of Space Sciences Laboratory at Berkeley.
Failure to release the ball before the feet return to the floor is considered a traveling violation.
Families took their dead cats to the sacred city of Bubastis, where they were embalmed and buried in sacred repositories.
Family student housing consists of two main groups of housing: University Village and Smyth-Fernwald.
Fascinated by the new sport and the values it could teach, she organized the first women's collegiate basketball game on March 21, 1893, when her Smith freshmen and sophomores played against one another.
Felis leo was the scientific name used by Carl Linnaeus in 1758, who described the lion in his work Systema Naturae.
Female cats called queens are polyestrous with several estrus cycles during a year, lasting usually 21 days.
Females often fiercely defend their cubs from a usurping male but are rarely successful unless a group of three or four mothers within a pride join forces against the male.
Feral cats can live in forests, grasslands, tundra, coastal areas, agricultural land, scrublands, urban areas, and wetlands.
Feral cats may live alone, but most are found in large colonies, which occupy a specific territory and are usually associated with a source of food.
Fights usually consist of grappling and delivering powerful slaps to the face and body with the forepaws as well as bites.
Film director Jason Moriarty has released a documentary relating to the sport, entitled Prison Ball.
First used in the 1963 Big Game, it was originally placed on the sidelines before moving to Tightwad Hill in 1971.
Fitzgerald is in his 23rd season as the Warriors' play-by-play man, as for Azubuike his 1st as the color analyst.
Fixes (F) keystrokes are easy to identify, and include keystrokes such as backspace, delete, cursor movements, and modifier keys.
Floyd once scored 29 points for the Warriors in the fourth quarter of a playoff game against the Lakers, though he was later traded to the Houston Rockets.
Following Linnaeus's first descriptions of the species, several tiger specimens were described and proposed as subspecies.
Following Morrow's departure after he signed the New Jersey Nets' offer sheet, the Warriors signed Dorell Wright, formerly with the Miami Heat, to a three-year, $11 million deal.
Following the 2018 NBA Finals, writers for Sports Illustrated, USA Today, The Wall Street Journal, and the New York Daily News described the Warriors as a dynasty.
Following the report, the Indian government pledged $153 million to the initiative, set up measures to combat poaching, promised funds to relocate up to 200,000 villagers in order to reduce human-tiger interactions, and set up eight new tiger reserves.
Following the season, Mullin was traded to the Indiana Pacers in exchange for Erick Dampier and Duane Ferrell.
For 2015 Kiplinger ranked Berkeley the 4th best-value public university in the nation for in-state students, and 6th for out-of-state students.
For 2017-18, Berkeley ranked third in enrollment of recipients of the National Merit $2,500 Scholarship (124 scholars).
For a few years, with rising stars Richardson, small forward Antawn Jamison and point guard Gilbert Arenas leading the team, the Warriors seemed like a team on the rise; but the young Warriors did not have enough in the competitive Western Conference to make the playoffs.
For a time, these products were quite successful as their daisy-wheel mechanism was much simpler and cheaper than either typebar or Selectric mechanisms, and their electronic memory and display allowed the user to easily see errors and correct them before they were actually printed.
For both men's and women's teams, a standard uniform consists of a pair of shorts and a jersey with a clearly visible number, unique within the team, printed on both the front and back.
For devices utilizing replaceable components, such as a typeball element, any association may be restricted to a specific element, rather than to the typewriter as a whole.
For example, Smith-Corona electric typewriters introduced in 1973 switched to interchangeable Coronamatic (SCM-patented) ribbon cartridges, including fabric, film, erasing, and two-color versions.
For example, many "hunt and peck" typists have the keyboard layout memorized and are able to type while focusing their gaze on the screen.
For important games, the university would bring out temporary bleachers that would stand around the eastern rim of the stadium.
For most teams today, the shooting guard and small forward have very similar responsibilities and are often called the wings, as do the power forward and center, who are often called post players.
For nearly a century before the border was sealed, Mozambicans had regularly crossed the park in daytime with little harm.
For several decades it hosted the Pacific Coast Collegiate Jazz Festival, part of the American Collegiate Jazz Festival, a competitive forum for student musicians.
For the offense, a violation of these rules results in loss of possession; for the defense, most leagues reset the shot clock and the offensive team is given possession of the ball out of bounds.
For the people who live in and around the forests of Korea, the tiger considered the symbol of the Mountain Spirit or King of mountain animals.
For the stadium's $321 million renovation and a new $153 million Student-Athlete High Performance Center, the university incurred a controversial $445 million of debt which it planned to finance with the sale of special stadium seats in the Endowment Seating Program.
For younger offenders, basketball is a good way to get their lives back on track, but for long term prisoners, these basketball leagues are a great way for them to get away from all their daily problems.
Former United States Secretary of Energy and Nobel laureate Steven Chu (PhD 1976), was Director of Berkeley Lab, 2004-2009.
Former Warrior guard Jim Barnett was the TV color analyst from 1985 to 2019, and is now the full-time color man on the radio.
Fossil remains of tigers were also excavated in Sri Lanka, China, Japan and Sarawak (Malaysia) dating to the late Pliocene, Pleistocene and Early Holocene.
Founded by Lithuanian born Justinas Butkus who lives in Wellington, New Zealand, the site adds a cat element to news stories.
Founded in 1868, it is the flagship campus and the oldest of the ten campuses of the University of California.
Founded in 1871, The Daily Cal became independent in 1971 after the campus administration fired three senior editors for encouraging readers to take back People's Park.
Founded in 1946 in Philadelphia, the Warriors moved to the San Francisco Bay Area in 1962 and took the city's name, before changing its geographic moniker to Golden State in 1971.
Founded in 1964, SUPERB's programming includes the Friday Film Series, free Noon Concerts on Lower Sproul Plaza, Comedy Competitions, Poker Tournaments, free Sneak Previews of upcoming movies, and more.
Founded in 2008, Caliber Magazine promotes itself as "the everything magazine" by featuring articles and blogs on a wide range of topics.
Four of the Bears' five consecutive undefeated seasons were played at California Field and housed the stadium was home to three of California's four straight national championships.
Frank Loesser's music for the stage (1961) and screen (1967) musical How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying employs the typewriter as a percussion instrument in the song "A Secretary is Not a Toy".
Frank Mahan, one of the players from the original first game, approached Naismith after the Christmas break, in early 1892, asking him what he intended to call his new game.
From the 1920s through the 1970s, typing speed (along with shorthand speed) was an important secretarial qualification and typing contests were popular and often publicized by typewriter companies as promotional tools.
Frump said thousands may have been killed in the decades after apartheid sealed the park and forced refugees to cross the park at night.
Further away and also on the south side of campus is Clark Kerr, an undergraduate residential complex that houses many student athletes and was once a school for the deaf and blind.
Further changes took place in the early 20th century when Carl Hagenbeck designed enclosures with concrete "rocks", more open space and a moat instead of bars, more closely resembling a natural habitat.
GIMP - In 1995, Spencer Kimball and Peter Mattis began developing GIMP as a semester-long project at Berkeley.
General Commencements have since returned to the University of California campus, with the exercises being performed at Memorial Stadium, Haas Pavilion, Hearst Greek Theatre, and most recently Edwards Stadium.
Generally, financial aid inquiries are processed through the UC Berkeley Financial Aid and Scholarships Office.
Genetic ancestry of 105 captive tigers from fourteen countries and regions showed that forty-nine animals belonged distinctly to five subspecies; fifty-two animals had mixed subspecies origins.
Genetic diversity of these breeds varies between regions, and is lowest in purebred populations, which show more than 20 deleterious genetic disorders.
Genetic evidence revealed numerous mutations in lion samples from East and Southern Africa, which indicates that this group has a longer evolutionary history than genetically less diverse lion samples from Asia and West and Central Africa.
Giuseppe Ravizza, a prolific typewriter inventor, born in Italy in 1811 (died 1885), spent nearly 40 years of his life obsessively grappling with the complexities of inventing a usable writing machine.
Given this support, their lifespans are increased, and behavior and nuisance problems caused by competition for food are reduced.
Gold coins found in Kavilayadavalli in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh have motifs of the tiger, bow and some indistinct marks.
Golden State also won 28 consecutive regular-season games dating back to the 2014-15 season, eclipsing the 2012-13 Miami Heat for the second longest winning streak in NBA history.
Good ball handlers frequently dribble behind their backs, between their legs, and switch directions suddenly, making a less predictable dribbling pattern that is more difficult to defend against.
Good dribblers (or "ball handlers") tend to bounce the ball low to the ground, reducing the distance of travel of the ball from the floor to the hand, making it more difficult for the defender to "steal" the ball.
Good passers can pass the ball with great accuracy and they know exactly where each of their other teammates prefers to receive the ball.
Gray-green Evans Hall is the tallest instructional building on the campus and houses the offices of faculty in mathematics, statistics, and economics.
Gregory Peck (BA 1939), nominated for four Oscars during his career, won an Oscar for acting in To Kill a Mockingbird.
Grumpy Cat was featured on the front page of The Wall Street Journal on May 30, 2013, and on the cover of New York magazine on October 7, 2013.
Grumpy Cat's popularity originated from a picture posted to the social news website Reddit by Bundesen's brother Bryan on September 22, 2012.
Guards, for whom physical coordination and ball-handling skills are crucial, tend to be the smallest players.
HNTB Architecture and STUDIOS Architecture were the architects for the renovation of the stadium and the new Simpson Center for Student-Athlete High Performance.
Hagenbeck designed lion enclosures for both Melbourne Zoo and Sydney's Taronga Zoo; although his designs were popular, the use of bars and caged enclosures prevailed in many zoos until the 1960s.
Hairballs can be prevented with remedies that ease elimination of the hair through the gut, as well as regular grooming of the coat with a comb or stiff brush.
Half-court games require less cardiovascular stamina, since players need not run back and forth a full court.
Half-court raises the number of players that can use a court or, conversely, can be played if there is an insufficient number to form full 5-on-5 teams.
Hans Albert Einstein, the first son of Albert Einstein and a world's leading scholar in hydraulic engineering, was a long-time faculty member at Berkeley.
Harlan Ellison has used typewriters for his entire career, and when he was no longer able to have them repaired, learned to do it himself; he has repeatedly stated his belief that computers are bad for writing, maintaining, "Art is not supposed to be easier!"
Harvey Itano (BS 1942) conducted breakthrough work on sickle cell anemia that marked the first time a disease was linked to a molecular origin.
Having earlier rejected the Western-led environmentalist movement, China changed its stance in the 1980s and became a party to the CITES treaty.
He became an Internet celebrity when his owners posted pictures of his scowling face to Facebook and Instagram.
He called his invention Cembalo scrivano o "macchina da scrivere a tasti" because of its piano-type keys and keyboard.
He hoped to build a winning team around Jason Richardson, Mike Dunleavy Jr and Troy Murphy, and drafted 7-foot center Andris Biedrins from Latvia (11th overall).
He is reported to have loved cats so much, "he would do without his cloak rather than disturb one that was sleeping on it".
He is reported to have photographed 90,000 cats during his career and maintained an archive of 225,000 images that he drew from for publications during his lifetime.
He made a three-pointer in 151 consecutive games, which broke the NBA record of 127 set by Kyle Korver in 2014.
He sought a vigorous indoor game to keep his students occupied and at proper levels of fitness during the long New England winters.
He was known by his hundreds of thousands of followers as an "adorable fearsome dictator", a "prodigious Scotch drinker" and "the angriest cat in the world".
He was replaced by fourth-place winner John Galen Howard, who would later become UC Berkeley's resident campus architect.
He will also be joined by Jim Barnett full-time starting in 2019, who will do color analysis for both road and home games, and has already been at the booth for nationally televised and postseason matchups.
He would not play in the NBA again until he was dealt in January 1999 to the New York Knicks for John Starks, Chris Mills and Terry Cummings.
Head rubbing - the nuzzling of the forehead, face and neck against another lion - appears to be a form of greeting and is seen often after an animal has been apart from others or after a fight or confrontation.
Healthy adult prey of this type can be dangerous to tackle, as long, strong horns, legs and tusks are all potentially fatal to the tiger.
Her owner started an Instagram account to share Nala's progress and antics with her friends and family, but ended up amassing over a million followers.
Her owner, Tabatha Bundesen, says that her permanently grumpy-looking face was due to an underbite and feline dwarfism.
Her photos were first posted to Tumblr in November 2011 then taken off after being featured on the social news website reddit.
Here, the passer bounces the ball crisply about two-thirds of the way from his own chest to the receiver.
Herodotus expressed astonishment at the domestic cats in Egypt, because he had only ever seen wildcats.
Hindered by several injuries to key players, the team then entered into another chaotic rebuilding phase.
His six consecutive field goals in the fourth quarter led to a 51-point finish for him and a victory for the Warriors.
Historians have estimated that some form of typewriter was invented 52 times as thinkers tried to come up with a workable design.
Historical records in Iran are known only from the southern coast of the Caspian Sea and adjacent Alborz Mountains.
Historically, lions were hunted by individuals, however, due to reduced lion populations, elders discourage solo lion hunts.
Holding the spacebar pressed down usually suspended the carriage advance mechanism (a so-called "dead key" feature), allowing one to superimpose multiple keystrikes on a single location.
Horizontal leaps of up to 10 m (33 ft) have been reported, although leaps of around half this distance are more typical.
Howard designed over twenty buildings, which set the tone for the campus up until its expansion in the 1950s and 1960s.
However, Curry suffered a series of ankle and foot-related injuries that limited him to 26 regular-season games.
However, Remington was engaged in merger talks which would eventually result in the creation of Remington Rand and no executives were willing to commit to a firm order.
However, because the shift key required more force to push (its mechanism was moving a much larger mass than other keys), and was operated by the little finger (normally the weakest finger on the hand), it was difficult to hold the shift down for more than two or three consecutive strokes.
However, by 1904, California's football team had become so popular that West Field became too small, therefore, the university decided to build a new stadium with an excess of 20,000 seats.
However, educational appropriations to the university have declined significantly over the last few decades, with general state support dropping to 12 percent of the university's total revenues in 2013.
However, fights for mating rights are typically more severe and injuries may include deep puncture wounds and lacerations.
However, just one day earlier in a loss against the Portland Trail Blazers, Andrew Bogut suffered a cracked rib that would keep him out of the post-season; the injury dealt a big blow to the sixth-seed Warriors' playoff hopes.
However, many tigers for traditional medicine black market are wild ones shot or snared by poachers and may be caught anywhere in the tiger's remaining range (from Siberia to India to the Malay Peninsula to Sumatra).
However, on June 12, 2019, the Warriors unveiled subtle adjustments to their primary logo, including a new custom font.
However, only the Hearst Women's Gymnasium was completed before the Great Depression, at which point Hearst decided to focus on his estate at San Simeon instead.
However, the administration moved out of Sproul and into California Hall, situated in the heart of campus, after students barricaded themselves in Sproul during the 1964 Free Speech Movement.
However, the domestic cat has rather poor color vision and only two types of cone cells, optimized for sensitivity to blue and yellowish green; its ability to distinguish between red and green is limited.
However, the first women's interinstitutional game was played in 1892 between the University of California and Miss Head's School.
However, the same characteristics that made the paper erasable made the characters subject to smudging due to ordinary friction and deliberate alteration after the fact, making it unacceptable for business correspondence, contracts, or any archival use.
However, the team did not improve in the 2011-12 NBA season under coach Jackson, finishing the lockout-shortened season with a 23-43 record (13th in the conference) and again failing to make the playoffs.
However, this appears to be an adaptation to low light levels rather than representing true trichromatic vision.
However, when held to the light, the covered-up characters were visible, as was the patch of dry correction fluid (which was never perfectly flat, and frequently not a perfect match for the color, texture, and luster of the surrounding paper).
However, with good timing and a sufficiently high vertical leap, even shorter players can be effective shot blockers.
Humans have always had a close relationship with cats, and the animals have long been a subject of short films, including the early silent movies Boxing Cats (1894) and The Sick Kitten (1903).
Hunt and peck (two-fingered typing) is a common form of typing in which the typist presses each key individually.
Hydrogen bomb - Edward Teller, the father of hydrogen bomb, was a professor at Berkeley and a researcher at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory & the Los Alamos National Laboratory.
IBM also gained an advantage by marketing more heavily to schools than did Remington, with the idea that students who learned to type on a Selectric would later choose IBM typewriters over the competition in the workplace as businesses replaced their old manual models.
IBM and Remington Rand electric typewriters were the leading models until IBM introduced the IBM Selectric typewriter in 1961, which replaced the typebars with a spherical element (or typeball) slightly smaller than a golf ball, with reverse-image letters molded into its surface.
IBM produced a series of typewriters called Thermotronic with letter-quality output and correcting tape along with printers tagged Quietwriter.
ICHC was instrumental in bringing animal-based image macros and lolspeak into mainstream usage and making internet memes profitable.
If a player is fouled while attempting a shot and the shot is successful, typically the player will be awarded one additional free throw for one point.
If a player is fouled while attempting a shot and the shot is unsuccessful, the player is awarded a number of free throws equal to the value of the attempted shot.
If a team exceeds 10 fouls in the half, the opposing team is awarded two free throws on all subsequent fouls for the half.
If a team exceeds a certain limit of team fouls in a given period (quarter or half) - four for NBA, NCAA women's, and international games - the opposing team is awarded one or two free throws on all subsequent non-shooting fouls for that period, the number depending on the league.
If a team misses the first shot of a two-shot situation, the opposing team must wait for the completion of the second shot before attempting to reclaim possession of the ball and continuing play.
If the prey catches wind of the tiger's presence before this, the tiger usually abandons the hunt rather than chase prey or battle it head-on.
If these are not sufficient, the conflicts may turn violent; tigers may kill competitors as leopards, dholes, striped hyenas, wolves, bears, pythons, and crocodiles on occasion.
Images and videos of domestic cats make up some of the most viewed content on the web, particularly image macros in the form of lolcats.
Immediately southeast of campus lies fraternity row, and beyond that the Clark Kerr Campus and an upscale residential area named Claremont.
Immediately to the north is a quiet residential neighborhood known as Northside with a large graduate student population; situated north of that are the upscale residential neighborhoods of the Berkeley Hills.
Improv & Sketch Comedy, The Movement, Taiko drumming, BareStage student musical theater, the Remedy Music Project, Main Stacks, AFX Dance, and TruElement.
In 1648 Louis XIV, crowned with a wreath of roses and carrying a bunch of roses in his hand, kindled the fire, danced at it and partook of the banquet afterwards in the town hall.
In 1714, Henry Mill obtained a patent in Britain for a machine that, from the patent, appears to have been similar to a typewriter.
In 1758, Carl Linnaeus described the tiger in his work Systema Naturae and gave it the scientific name Felis tigris.
In 1802, Italian Agostino Fantoni developed a particular typewriter to enable his blind sister to write.
In 1823, Italian Pietro Conti di Cilavegna invented a new model of typewriter, the tachigrafo, also known as tachitipo.
In 1829, American William Austin Burt patented a machine called the "Typographer" which, in common with many other early machines, is listed as the "first typewriter".
In 1855, the Italian Giuseppe Ravizza created a prototype typewriter called Cembalo scrivano o macchina da scrivere a tasti ("Scribe harpsichord, or machine for writing with keys").
In 1861, Father Francisco Joao de Azevedo, a Brazilian priest, made his own typewriter with basic materials and tools, such as wood and knives.
In 1865, John Pratt, of Centre, Alabama (US), built a machine called the Pterotype which appeared in an 1867 Scientific American article and inspired other inventors.
In 1905, frequent injuries on the football field prompted President Theodore Roosevelt to suggest that colleges form a governing body, resulting in the creation of the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States (IAAUS).
In 1905, the Executive Committee on Basket Ball Rules (National Women's Basketball Committee) was created by the American Physical Education Association.
In 1905, the University Farm was established near Sacramento, ultimately becoming the University of California, Davis.
In 1910, the first card stunt was performed at the Big Game and after victories, the students would "serpentine" around the field--something that is mentioned in the song "Big C".
In 1917, Berkeley's ROTC program was established and its School of Military Aeronautics trained future pilots, including Jimmy Doolittle, who graduated with a BA in 1922.
In 1919, Los Angeles State Normal School became the southern branch of the University, which ultimately became University of California, Los Angeles.
In 1920, after returning from Army service, he produced a successful model and in 1923 turned it over to the Northeast Electric Company of Rochester for development.
In 1928, Delco, a division of General Motors, purchased Northeast Electric, and the typewriter business was spun off as Electromatic Typewriters, Inc.
In 1929, the British taxonomist Reginald Innes Pocock subordinated the species under the genus Panthera using the scientific name Panthera tigris.
In 1930, Ernest Lawrence invented the cyclotron at Berkeley, based on which UC Berkeley researchers along with Berkeley Lab have discovered or co-discovered 16 chemical elements - more than any other university.
In 1933, Electromatic was acquired by IBM, which then spent 1 million USD on a redesign of the Electromatic Typewriter, launching the IBM Electric Typewriter Model 01 in 1935.
In 1941, IBM announced the Electromatic Model 04 electric typewriter, featuring the revolutionary concept of proportional spacing.
In 1950 the first FIBA World Championship for men, now known as the FIBA Basketball World Cup, was held in Argentina.
In 1959, a basketball hall of fame was founded in Springfield, Massachusetts, site of the first game.
In 1965, they drafted Rick Barry in the first round who went on to become NBA Rookie of the Year that season and then led the Warriors to the NBA Finals in the 1966-67 season, losing (four games to two) to Chamberlain's new team that had replaced the Warriors in Philadelphia, the 76ers.
In 1972, India's production of honey and beeswax dropped by 50% when at least 29 people who gathered these materials were devoured.
In 1975, it was estimated that since the 1950s, lion numbers had decreased by half to 200,000 or fewer.
In 1975, star players Jamaal Wilkes and Rick Barry powered the Warriors to their third championship, largely considered one of the biggest upsets in NBA history.
In 1977, a graduate student in the computer science department named Bill Joy (MS 1982) assembled the original Berkeley Software Distribution, commonly known as BSD Unix.
In 1981, Xerox Corporation, who by then had bought Diablo Systems, introduced a line of electronic typewriters incorporating this technology (the Memorywriter product line).
In 1986 in the Sundarbans, since tigers almost always attack from the rear, masks with human faces were worn on the back of the head, on the theory that tigers usually do not attack if seen by their prey.
In 1987, it was found that most lions in North American zoos were hybrids between African and Asiatic lions.
In 1992, Pei-Yuan Wei, an undergraduate at the XCF, created ViolaWWW, one of the first graphical web browsers.
In 1993-94, with first-round draft pick and Rookie of the Year power forward Chris Webber playing with off-guard Latrell Sprewell, the Warriors made the playoffs.
In 1994, the Indonesian Sumatran Tiger Conservation Strategy addressed the potential crisis that tigers faced in Sumatra.
In 2001, the NBA formed a developmental league, the National Basketball Development League (later known as the NBA D-League and then the NBA G League after a branding deal with Gatorade).
In 2003 artificial turf was re-installed with Momentum Turf, an infilled artificial turf, similar to FieldTurf.
In 2003, the Association of Research Libraries ranked it as the top public and third overall university library in North America based on various statistical measures of quality.
In 2005, there were thought to be about 360 animals in Russia, though these exhibited little genetic diversity.
In 2006, the new Stanley Hall, named after the 1946 winner of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, opened its doors.
In 2009, the Lettera he obtained from a pawn shop in 1963, on which nearly all his novels and screenplays have been written, was auctioned for charity at Christie's for US$254,500; McCarthy obtained an identical replacement for $20 to continue writing on.
In 2009, the humour site Urlesque deemed September 9 "A Day Without Cats Online", and had over 40 blogs and websites agree to "[ban] cats from their pages for at least 24 hours".
In 2015, it was estimated that this population consists of about 400 animals, including fewer than 250 mature individuals.
In 2015, the atmosphere among the community of Brussels, Belgium was tense when the city was put under the highest level state of emergency immediately following the Paris attacks; however, internet cats were able to cut the tension by taking over the Twitter feed #BrusselsLockdown.
In 2016, however, Slater argued that Curry's relatively inexpensive contract paid "huge dividends" by freeing up the necessary funds to allow the team to "keep a strong core around him".
In 2016, the Nature Index ranked Berkeley as the 6th university in the world based on research publication output in top tier academic journals in the life sciences, chemistry, earth and environmental sciences and physical sciences based on publication data from 2015.
In 2017, the IUCN Cat Classification Taskforce followed the recommendation of the ICZN in regarding the domestic cat as a distinct species, Felis catus.
In 2017, the playing surface was changed to FieldTurf as part of Cal's transition to its new partnership with Under Armour.
In 2018, it was seventh-highest valued sports franchise in the United States, and tied for tenth in the world.
In 3x3, a formalized version of the halfcourt 3-on-3 game, a dedicated ball with the circumference of a size 6 ball but the weight of a size 7 ball is used in all competitions (men's, women's, and mixed teams).
In Africa, the range of the lion originally spanned most of the central rainforest zone and the Sahara desert.
In Ancient Roman times, tigers were kept in menageries and amphitheatres to be exhibited, trained and paraded, and were often provoked to fight humans and exotic beasts.
In April 2011, Dorell Wright made a franchise record of 184 three-pointers in a season in a home win versus Los Angeles Lakers, surpassing Richardson's 183 in 2005-06.
In August 2015 it was announced that Grumpy Cat would get her own animatronic waxwork at Madame Tussauds in San Francisco.
In Botswana's Chobe National Park, the situation is reversed; hyenas frequently challenge lions and steal their kills, obtaining food from 63% of all lion kills.
In Chinese art, the tiger is depicted as an earth symbol and equal rival of the Chinese dragon - the two representing matter and spirit respectively.
In Chobe National Park, large prides have been observed hunting subadult and even adult African bush elephants.
In English-speaking countries, ordinary typewriters printing fixed-width characters were standardized to print six horizontal lines per vertical inch, and had either of two variants of character width, called "pica" for ten characters per horizontal inch and "elite" for twelve.
In FIBA and NCAA women's basketball, a foul resulting in ejection is called a disqualifying foul, while in leagues other than the NBA, such a foul is referred to as flagrant.
In February 2005, Chancellor Robert Birgeneau announced plans to renovate Memorial Stadium, improving the existing facilities and creating a safer environment for the fans as well as the people that work at the stadium.
In February 2011, the Warriors traded Brandan Wright and Dan Gadzuric for Troy Murphy and a 2011 second-round pick.
In Game 6, the Warriors engineered a third-quarter 18-0 run to eliminate the Mavericks and become the NBA's first No.
In Greece, it was common as reported by Herodotus in 480 BC; by 300 BC, it was considered rare and extirpated by 100 AD.
In Imperial China, a tiger was the personification of war and often represented the highest army general (or present day defense secretary), while the emperor and empress were represented by a dragon and phoenix, respectively.
In India's Nagarhole National Park, most prey selected by leopards were from 30 to 175 kg (66 to 386 lb) against a preference for prey weighing over 176 kg (388 lb) in the tigers.
In India, home ranges appear to be 50 to 1,000 km2 (19 to 386 sq mi) while in Manchuria, they range from 500 to 4,000 km2 (190 to 1,540 sq mi).
In India, sambar deer and chital are the most commonly recorded wild prey, while domestic livestock may contribute significantly to their diet.
In Jewish legend, the first cat was living in the house of the first man Adam as a pet that got rid of mice.
In July 2014 at an international convention on endangered species in Geneva, Switzerland, a Chinese representative admitted for the first time his government was aware trading in tiger skins was occurring in China.
In Korean myth and culture, the tiger is regarded as a guardian that drives away evil spirits and a sacred creature that brings good luck - the symbol of courage and absolute power.
In Kruger National Park, dispersing male lions move more than 25 km (16 mi) away from their natal pride in search of their own territory.
In Norse mythology, Freyja, the goddess of love, beauty, and fertility, is depicted as riding a chariot drawn by cats.
In November, a malcontented Stephen Jackson and seldom-used Acie Law were traded to the Charlotte Bobcats for Raja Bell (out for the season with an injury) and Vladimir Radmanovic.
In Ovid's Metamorphoses, when the deities flee to Egypt and take animal forms, the goddess Diana turns into a cat.
In Ranthambore, a male Bengal tiger raised and defended two orphaned female cubs after their mother had died of illness.
In Rome the Altare della Patria, the national monument to King Victor Emmanuel II, used to be nicknamed "the typewriter" (la macchina per scrivere in Italian) because of its strange shape and popular dislike toward it.
In Rudyard Kipling's 1894 The Jungle Book, the tiger, Shere Khan, is the mortal enemy of the human protagonist, Mowgli.
In William Blake's poem in the Songs of Experience, titled "The Tyger", the tiger is a menacing and fearful animal.
In Yann Martel's 2001 Man Booker Prize winning novel Life of Pi, the protagonist, surviving shipwreck for months in a small boat, somehow avoids being eaten by the other survivor, a large Bengal tiger.
In a 2004 online poll conducted by cable television channel Animal Planet, involving more than 50,000 viewers from 73 countries, the tiger was voted the world's favourite animal with 21% of the vote, narrowly beating the dog.
In a March 12, 2009 article, NBA commissioner David Stern said that in the bad economy, "the NBA is far less profitable than the WNBA.
In a Mashable article that explored the history of cat media on the Internet, the oldest entry was an ASCII art cat that originated on 2channel, and was a pictorial representation of the phrase "Please go away.
In a win against the Portland Trail Blazers, Wright then broke another NBA record, becoming the first player to have scored more points in his seventh season than in all his first six seasons combined.
In addition to a Capella, Berkeley is host to a myriad of other performing arts groups in comedy, dance, acting and instrumental music.
In addition to its unique architecture, the stadium's position at the foot of the Berkeley hills provides top row spectators with panoramic views of San Francisco Bay and west side viewers with views of the Berkeley Hills and Strawberry Canyon.
In addition, Cal athletes have won numerous individual NCAA titles in track, gymnastics, swimming and tennis.
In addition, once a year, typewriter owners had to take the typewriter to the local police station, where they would be asked to type a sample of all the typewriter's characters.
In addition, the University also owns land to the northwest of the main campus, a 90-acre (36 ha) married student housing complex in the nearby town of Albany ("Albany Village" and the "Gill Tract"), and a field research station several miles to the north in Richmond, California.
In almost all variants of play, it is illegal to touch the ball after it is in the downward path of its arc; this is known as goaltending.
In an Internet tradition, The New York Times Archives Twitter account posts cat reporting throughout the history of the NYT.
In ancient Egypt, cats were worshipped, and the goddess Bastet often depicted in cat form, sometimes taking on the war-like aspect of a lioness.
In combination with a regular shot, this is called a "three-point play" or "four-point play" (or more colloquially, an "and one") because of the basket made at the time of the foul (2 or 3 points) and the additional free throw (1 point).
In contrast with modern basketball nets, this peach basket retained its bottom, and balls had to be retrieved manually after each "basket" or point scored; this proved inefficient, however, so the bottom of the basket was removed, allowing the balls to be poked out with a long dowel each time.
In demonstrating the superiority of human over animal, lion taming served a purpose similar to animal fights of previous centuries.
In doing so, Thompson became the first player in NBA history to score 60 or more points in fewer than 30 minutes of playing time.
In early December 1891, Canadian James Naismith, a physical education professor and instructor at the International Young Men's Christian Association Training School (YMCA) (today, Springfield College) in Springfield, Massachusetts, was trying to keep his gym class active on a rainy day.
In many Indian cities and towns, typewriters are still used, especially in roadside and legal offices due to a lack of continuous, reliable electricity.
In many countries, they are believed to have nine lives, but in Italy, Germany, Greece, Brazil and some Spanish-speaking regions, they are said to have seven lives, while in Turkish and Arabic traditions, the number of lives is six.
In more heavily forested areas where lions were rare, the leopard represented the top of the hierarchy.
In more recent times specific positions evolved, but the current trend, advocated by many top coaches including Mike Krzyzewski is towards positionless basketball, where big guys are free to shoot from outside and dribble if their skill allows it.
In most of the early typewriters, the typebars struck upward against the paper, pressed against the bottom of the platen, so the typist could not see the text as it was typed.
In much of African folklore, the lion is portrayed as having low intelligence and is easily tricked by other animals.
In northeastern China's Hunchun National Nature Reserve, camera-traps recorded a tiger with four cubs for the first time in 2012.
In one case, after it had killed an adult gaur, a tiger was observed to drag the massive carcass over a distance of 12 m (39 ft).
In one panel, a businessman in a three-piece suit, ogling his secretary's thigh, says, "Miss Higby, are you ready for--ahem!--er--dictation?
In one study of average computer users, the average rate for transcription was 33 words per minute, and 19 words per minute for composition.
In particular, the Alto used a computer mouse, which had been invented by Doug Engelbart (BEng 1952, PhD 1955).
In parts of North America, the presence of larger carnivores such as coyotes which prey on cats and other small predators reduces the effect of predation by cats and other small predators such as opossums and raccoons on bird numbers and variety.
In parts of West and East Africa, the lion is associated with healing and is regarded as the link between seers and the supernatural.
In response to the founding of Stanford University, the Hearst Family decided to "adopt" the fledgling University of California and develop their own world-class institution.
In some cases, the cat exhibits no symptoms of the disease, However, the same disease can then become evident in a human.
In sub-Saharan Africa, the lion has been a common character in stories, proverbs and dances, but rarely featured in visual arts.
In subsequent years, the field was officially named West Field and was expanded to hold around 5,000 spectators.
In the 10 years prior to that period, about 100 attacks per year in the Sundarbans, with a high of around 430 in some years of the 1960s.
In the 1930s, Ernest Lawrence helped establish the Radiation Laboratory (now Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory) and invented the cyclotron, which won him the Nobel physics prize in 1939.
In the 1950s and 1960s, correction fluid made its appearance, under brand names such as Liquid Paper, Wite-Out and Tipp-Ex; it was invented by Bette Nesmith Graham.
In the 1960s, Berkeley was particularly noted for the Free Speech Movement as well as the anti-Vietnam War movement led by its students.
In the 1960s, the USCA pioneered the first co-ed university housing in Berkeley (excluding a short-lived "experiment" at Barrington Hall), called the Ridge Project (later renamed Casa Zimbabwe).
In the 1964-65 season, the Warriors traded Chamberlain to the Philadelphia 76ers for Connie Dierking, Lee Shaffer, Paul Neumann and $150,000 and won only 17 games.
In the 1990s, a new approach to tiger conservation was developed: Tiger Conservation Units (TCUs), which are blocks of habitat that have the potential to host tiger populations in 15 habitat types within five bioregions.
In the 19th and 20th centuries, several lion type specimens were described and proposed as subspecies, with about a dozen recognised as valid taxa until 2017.
In the 2004 Athens Olympics, the United States suffered its first Olympic loss while using professional players, falling to Puerto Rico (in a 19-point loss) and Lithuania in group games, and being eliminated in the semifinals by Argentina.
In the 2007-08 season, the Warriors faced early difficulties in their attempt to return to the playoffs.
In the 2008 off-season, Baron Davis opted to return to his home town and sign with the Los Angeles Clippers.
In the 2012 draft, the Warriors selected small forward Harrison Barnes with the 7th overall pick, center Festus Ezeli with the 30th pick, small forward Draymond Green with the 35th pick, and 7-foot-1 center Ognjen Kuzmic with the 52nd pick.
In the 2015 animated film The Peanuts Movie, the character of Snoopy comes across a typewriter in a dumpster and uses it to write a story about his battle with the Red Baron, though he eventually ends up throwing it at Lucy after she insults his story.
In the 2016-17 season, 980,673 boys and girls represented their schools in interscholastic basketball competition, according to the National Federation of State High School Associations.
In the 21st century, Berkeley has become one of the leading universities in producing entrepreneurs and its alumni have founded or co-founded many companies worldwide, including five classified as Fortune 500 Companies as of 2017.
In the Amur-Ussuri region, it inhabits Korean pine and temperate broadleaf and mixed forests, where riparian forests provide food and water, and serve as dispersal corridors for both tiger and ungulates.
In the Eastern Bloc, typewriters (together with printing presses, copy machines, and later computer printers) were a controlled technology, with secret police in charge of maintaining files of the typewriters and their owners.
In the NBA, there is no standard on whether a player's listed height uses their measurement with shoes on or without.
In the Philippines, the Philippine Basketball Association's first game was played on April 9, 1975 at the Araneta Coliseum in Cubao, Quezon City.
In the Pleistocene, the lion ranged throughout Eurasia, Africa and North America but today it has been reduced to fragmented populations in Sub-Saharan Africa and one critically endangered population in western India.
In the Republic of the Congo, Odzala-Kokoua National Park was considered a lion stronghold in the 1990s.
In the Soviet Union, the First Department of each organization sent data on organization's typewriters to the KGB.
In the Western intellectual tradition, the idea of cats as everyday objects have served to illustrate problems of quantum mechanics in the Schrodinger's cat thought experiment.
In the buffer method, the typist looks at the source copy, mentally stores one or several sentences, then looks at the keyboard and types out the buffer of sentences.
In the days before widespread television coverage of professional and college sports, the popularity of high school basketball was unrivaled in many parts of America.
In the early 2000s, cat memes were used as cover images to embed data inside of these images and surreptitiously transfer them to a receiver aware of the encoding method.
In the early part of the 20th century, a typewriter was marketed under the name Noiseless and advertised as "silent".
In the film The History of the Typewriter recited by Michael Winslow, voice sound effect performer Michael Winslow recreates the sounds of 32 typewriters from history.
In the film adaptation of his novel Naked Lunch, his typewriter is a living, insect-like entity (voiced by North American actor Peter Boretski) and actually dictates the book to him.
In the foothills east of the central campus, there are three additional undergraduate residence halls: Foothill, Stern, and Bowles.
In the highly publicized People's Park protest in 1969, students and the school conflicted over use of a plot of land; the National Guard was called in and violence erupted.
In the past, using a typewriter, speed was measured with a stopwatch and errors were tallied by hand.
In the postseason, Curry shattered Reggie Miller's record of 58 made three-pointers in a single postseason with 98.
In the recovery of ringed robins (Erithacus rubecula) and dunnocks (Prunella modularis), 31% of deaths were a result of cat predation.
In the same study, when the group was divided into "fast", "moderate" and "slow" groups, the average speeds were 40 wpm, 35 wpm, and 23 wpm respectively.
In the summer of 2017, the BIG3 basketball league, a professional 3x3 half court basketball league that features former NBA players, began.
In the wild, tigers mostly feed on large and medium-sized mammals, particularly ungulates weighing 60-250 kg (130-550 lb).
In the years before World War I, the Amateur Athletic Union and the Intercollegiate Athletic Association of the United States (forerunner of the NCAA) vied for control over the rules for the game.
In their normal, relaxed position, the claws are sheathed with the skin and fur around the paw's toe pads.
In this case, the team retains the player's draft rights in the NBA until one year after the player's contract with the non-NBA team ends.
In typical hunts, each lioness has a favoured position in the group, either stalking prey on the "wing", then attacking, or moving a smaller distance in the centre of the group and capturing prey fleeing from other lionesses.
In what has become known as "the band play" or simply The Play, Cal scored the winning touchdown in the final seconds with a kickoff return that involved a series of laterals and the Stanford marching band rushing onto the field.
In what many consider the biggest upset in NBA history, Golden State not only defeated the heavily favored Washington Bullets but humiliated them in a four-game sweep.
In zoos, lions have been bred with tigers to create hybrids for the curiosity of visitors or for scientific purpose.
Inbreeding depression is the main reason for many health problems of captive white tigers, including strabismus, stillbirth, deformities and premature death.
Increased hunting success appears to be an obvious reason, but this is uncertain upon examination; coordinated hunting allows for more successful predation but also ensures non-hunting members reduce per capita calorific intake.
Indeed, typing speeds, as scored in proficiency tests and typewriting speed competitions, included a deduction of ten words for every mistake.
Index typewriters of that era resemble the squeeze-style embosser from the 1960s more than they resemble the modern keyboard typewriter.
Interactions between prides and nomads tend to be hostile, although pride females in estrus allow nomadic males to approach them.
Invented in 1891 by Canadian-American gym teacher James Naismith in Springfield, Massachusetts, United States, basketball has evolved to become one of the world's most popular and widely viewed sports.
Investigations have continued into 2016, with hundreds of pages of records released in April 2016, showing a pattern of documented sexual harassment and firings of non-tenured staff.
Irving Stone (BA 1923) wrote the novel Lust for Life, which was later made into an Academy Award-winning film of the same name starring Kirk Douglas as Vincent van Gogh.
It all started in 1972, the number of people in the United States prison has increased over 700% and now charges the taxpayer $39 billion to maintain every year.
It appeared as a symbol for strength and nobility in cultures across Europe, Asia and Africa, despite incidents of attacks on people.
It can hear sounds too faint or too high in frequency for human ears, such as those made by mice and other small mammals.
It certainly reduced the high-frequency content of the sound, rendering it more of a "clunk" than a "clack" and arguably less intrusive, but such advertising claims as "A machine that can be operated a few feet away from your desk - And not be heard" were not true.
It consists of a video from 1984 of a cat called "Fatso" wearing a blue shirt and "playing" an upbeat rhythm on an electronic keyboard.
It featured prominently in ancient mythology and folklore and continues to be depicted in modern films and literature, appearing on many flags, coats of arms and as mascots for sporting teams.
It had a QWERTY keyboard layout, which because of the machine's success, was slowly adopted by other typewriter manufacturers.
It has been extensively depicted in sculptures and paintings, on national flags, and in contemporary films and literature.
It has been listed as Vulnerable on the IUCN Red List since 1996 because populations in African countries have declined by about 43% since the early 1990s.
It has been voted "Best Magazine on Campus" by the readers of the Daily Cal as well as "Best Publication on Campus" by the ASUC.
It houses the headquarters of the California Institute for Quantitative Biosciences (QB3) and serves as a center for interdisciplinary teaching and research as part of the campus Health Sciences Initiative.
It is "equally likely that the forms might derive from an ancient Germanic word, imported into Latin and thence to Greek and to Syriac and Arabic".
It is a strong swimmer and often bathes in ponds, lakes and rivers, thus keeping cool in the heat of the day.
It is a tradition for every Berkeley a cappella group to perform under the campus' Sather Gate each week at different times during the week.
It is a violation to lift or drag one's pivot foot without dribbling the ball, to carry it, or to hold the ball with both hands then resume dribbling.
It is adaptable and now present on all continents except Antarctica, and on 118 of the 131 main groups of islands--even on isolated islands such as the Kerguelen Islands.
It is also illegal under NBA and Men's NCAA basketball to block a shot after it has touched the backboard, or when any part of the ball is directly above the rim.
It is also written that neither cats nor foxes are represented in the water, while every other animal has an incarnation species in the water.
It is considered to have been more "primitive", but functionally and ecologically similar to the modern tiger.
It is estimated that between 5,000 and 10,000 captive-bred, semi-tame animals live in these farms today.
It is most recognisable for its dark vertical stripes on orangish-brown fur with a lighter underside.
It is sexually dimorphic; adult male lions have a prominent mane, which is the most recognisable feature of the species.
It is territorial and generally a solitary but social predator, requiring large contiguous areas of habitat, which support its requirements for prey and rearing of its offspring.
It is the only domesticated species in the family Felidae and often referred to as the domestic cat to distinguish it from wild members of the family.
It is usually more diurnal than other big cats, but when persecuted it adapts to being active at night and at twilight.
It lived at the beginning of the Pleistocene about two million years ago, its fossil remains were excavated in Gansu province of northwestern China.
It now mainly occurs in the Indian subcontinent, the Indochinese Peninsula, Sumatra and the Russian Far East.
It originated on May 7th, 2018 when an animated cat gif made by Twitter user "@StrayRogue" was edited by Twitter user "@DitzyFlama," in which he'd edited the GIF to include bongos and added the song "Athletic" from the Super Mario World soundtrack.
It originated when the popularity of the slam dunk grew and was developed to create better chances for dunks with lowered rims and using altered goaltending rules.
It posits that most people are not interested in activism; instead, they want to use the web for mundane activities, including surfing for pornography and lolcats ("cute cats").
It produced an early time-sharing system including the Berkeley Timesharing System, which was then commercialized as the SDS 940.
It registers directly by placing each hind paw close to the track of the corresponding fore paw, minimizing noise and visible tracks.
It then runs through the center of the campus before disappearing underground at the west end of campus.
It was also highly rated by We're All About Cats website in the their Top 35 Cat Blogs You Should Know About list for 2018.
It was an upset in name only, given the fact that the Warriors had swept the Mavericks in the regular season series.
It was created in 2007 by Eric Nakagawa (Cheezburger), a blogger from Hawaii, and his friend Kari Unebasami (Tofuburger).
It was developed by Wellington Parker Kidder and the first model was marketed by the Noiseless Typewriter Company in 1917.
It was during this time, that California set their all-time attendance record in 1947 with an announced crowd of 83,000 for a game against Navy.
It was eventually decided to discontinue Rush and, in 1905, the freshman and sophomore classes banded together in a show of unity to build "the Big C".
It was first tested at the 2007 Asian Indoor Games in Macau and the first official tournaments were held at the 2009 Asian Youth Games and the 2010 Youth Olympics, both in Singapore.
It was found to have similar repeat composition to other cat genomes and an appreciably conserved synteny.
It was founded as a "rebellion" of several teams from the now-defunct Manila Industrial and Commercial Athletic Association, which was tightly controlled by the Basketball Association of the Philippines (now defunct), the then-FIBA recognized national association.
It was originally used only by Rajputs, a Hindu Kshatriya or military caste but is used by millions of Hindu Rajputs and over 20 million Sikhs today.
It was referred to in September 2018 as an award winning cat blog by the Dow Jones & Company owned financial information service MarketWatch.
It was season of many thrilling moments; the Warriors played in 17 regular-season games decided by two points or less, six games decided by winning shots in the final three seconds, and seven comeback wins in which the Warriors had been behind by 15 or more points.
It was widely used by professional writers, in offices, and for business correspondence in private homes.
It, and the Frederick Law Olmsted-designed Piedmont Avenue east of the main campus, are two of the only surviving examples of the nineteenth-century campus.
Its acronym, derived from the French Federation Internationale de Basket-ball Amateur, was thus "FIBA".
Its hearing sensitivity is enhanced by its large movable outer ears, the pinnae, which amplify sounds and help detect the location of a noise.
Its neighbor, Soda Hall (computer science), is one of the few classroom buildings on campus with showers.
Its pelage is dense and heavy, and colouration varies between shades of orange and brown with white ventral areas and distinctive vertical black stripes that are unique in each individual.
Its prey consists mainly of mammals - particularly ungulates -  weighing 190-550 kg (420-1,210 lb) with a preference for blue wildebeest, plains zebra, African buffalo, gemsbok and giraffe.
Its rosters include the names of great players, coaches, referees and people who have contributed significantly to the development of the game.
Its skull is very similar to that of the tiger, although the frontal region is usually more depressed and flattened, and has a slightly shorter postorbital region and broader nasal openings than those of the tiger.
Jack Kerouac, a fast typist at 100 words per minute, typed On the Road on a roll of paper so he would not be interrupted by having to change the paper.
Jackson, became just the third head coach in franchise history to lead a team to at least 50 wins in a season, joining Don Nelson and Alvin Attles, who both hit the mark twice with the Warriors.
James Schamus (BA 1982, MA 1987, PhD 2003) has collaborated on screenplays with Oscar-winning director Ang Lee on the Academy Award-winning movies Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Brokeback Mountain.
Janet Yellen, the 15th Chair of the Federal Reserve Board, is a professor emeritus at Berkeley Haas School of Business and the Department of Economics.
Jason Eppink, curator of the Museum of the Moving Image's show How Cats Took Over the Internet, has noted the "outsized role" of cats on the Internet.
Jim Corbett's 1944 Man-Eaters of Kumaon tells ten true stories of his tiger-hunting exploits in what is now the northern Uttarakhand region of India.
John Galen Howard retired in 1924, his support base gone with both Phoebe Hearst's death and President Wheeler's resignation in 1919.
Journalist Alexandra Berzon (MA 2006) won a Pulitzer Prize in 2009, and journalist Matt Richtel (BA 1989), who also coauthors the comic strip Rudy Park under the pen name of "Theron Heir", won the 2010 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting.
Journalist Jack Shepherd suggested that cats were more popular than dogs because dogs were "trying too hard", and humorous behavior in a dog would be seen as a bid for validation.
Joy, who went on to co-found Sun Microsystems, also developed the original version of the terminal console editor vi, while Ken Arnold (BA 1985) created Curses, a terminal control library for Unix-like systems that enables the construction of text user interface (TUI) applications.
Just south of Foothill, overlooking the Hearst Greek Theatre, is the all-women's traditional-style Stern Hall, which boasts an original mural by Diego Rivera.
KSPC depend on the text input method, and cannot be used to meaningfully compare two different input methods, such as Qwerty-keyboard and a multi-tap input.
Karen Grassle (BA 1965) played the mother Caroline Ingalls in Little House on the Prairie, Jerry Mathers (BA 1974) starred in Leave it to Beaver, and Roxann Dawson (BA 1980) portrayed B'Elanna Torres on Star Trek: Voyager.
Kary Mullis (PhD 1973) was awarded the 1993 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his role in developing the polymerase chain reaction, a method for amplifying DNA sequences.
Kerr had formerly served as president and general manager for the Phoenix Suns basketball team (2007 to 2010), and had most recently been working as an NBA broadcast analyst for Turner Network Television (TNT).
King (Knicks), Lucas (Knicks), Parish (Celtics), Richmond (Kings), Sampson (University of Virginia and Rockets), White (Celtics), and Wilkes (Lakers) were elected mostly for their performances with other teams.
Known as "Wilt the Stilt", he led the team in scoring six times, quickly began shattering NBA scoring records and changed the NBA style of play forever.
Languages such as French, Spanish, and German required diacritics, special signs attached to or on top of the base letter: for example, a combination of the acute accent ( ' ) plus e produced e; ~ plus n produced n.
Larry Riley, Nelson's longtime assistant coach, was promoted in his place; Riley drafted Curry and traded Jamal Crawford to the Atlanta Hawks for Acie Law and Speedy Claxton.
Later buildings were designed by architects such as Charles Willard Moore (Haas School of Business) and Joseph Esherick (Wurster Hall).
Later models of IBM Executives and Selectrics replaced inked fabric ribbons with "carbon film" ribbons that had a dry black or colored powder on a clear plastic tape.
Later, some of the same typestyles used for it were used on the 96-character elements used on the IBM Electronic Typewriter 50 and the later models 65 and 85.
Lead singer and songwriter Eddie Vedder of Pearl Jam types many of the band's lyrics on vintage typewriters.
Leading up to the first game at Memorial Stadium, some in the media suggested to Bears coach Andy Smith that the opening of new stadiums was cursed: Stanford lost the first game played at Stanford Stadium while USC lost the inaugural game of both the Rose Bowl and the Los Angeles Coliseum.
Lee agreed to a six-year, $80 million deal, on a framework contingent on the decision of superstar forward LeBron James to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers to sign with the Miami Heat that same day.
Leopards are able to take refuge in trees; lionesses, however, occasionally attempt to retrieve leopard kills from trees.
Like many shelter kittens, Nala had breathing problems and infections that needed to be taken care of.
Like other Panthera, tigers roar, particularly in aggressive situations, during the mating season or when making a kill.
Like the manual Blickensderfer typewriters, it used a cylindrical typewheel rather than individual typebars.
Lil Bub (Lillian Bubbles) (June 21, 2011 - December 1, 2019) was an American celebrity cat known for her unique appearance.
Lil Bub stars in Lil Bub & Friendz, a documentary premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival on April 18, 2013 that won the Tribeca Online Festival Best Feature Film.
Lion depredation on livestock is significantly reduced in areas where herders keep livestock in improved enclosures.
Lion hunting has occurred since ancient times and was often a royal pastime; intended to demonstrate the power of the king over nature.
Lion populations in East and Southern Africa became separated from populations in West and North Africa when the equatorial rainforest expanded 183,500-81,800 years ago.
Lion symbolism was used from the advent of cinema; one of the most iconic and widely recognised lions is Leo, which has been the mascot for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer studios since the 1920s.
Lion-headed figures and amulets were excavated in tombs in the Greek islands of Crete, Euboea, Rhodes, Paros and Chios.
Lionesses with cubs of their own are more likely to be tolerant of another lioness's cubs than lionesses without cubs.
Lions also charge at Nile crocodiles; depending on the size of the crocodile and the lion, either can lose kills or carrion to the other.
Lions also hunt common warthog depending on availability, although the species is below the preferred weight range.
Lions are frequently mentioned in the Bible; notably in the Book of Daniel in which the eponymous hero refuses to worship King Darius and is forced to sleep in the lions' den where he is miraculously unharmed (Dan 6).
Lions are part of a group of exotic animals that have been central to zoo exhibits since the late 18th century.
Lions can reach an age of over 20 years in captivity; a lion in Honolulu Zoo died at the age of 22 years in August 2007.
Lions gorge themselves and eat up to 30 kg (66 lb) in one session; if it is unable to consume all of the kill, it rests for a few hours before continuing to eat.
Lions have been kept in menageries since the time of the Roman Empire and have been a key species sought for exhibition in zoological gardens across the world since the late 18th century.
Lions imported to Europe before the middle of the 19th century were possibly foremost Barbary lions from North Africa, or Cape lions from Southern Africa.
Lions in the Ngorongoro Crater were afflicted by an outbreak of stable fly (Stomoxys calcitrans) in 1962; this resulted in lions becoming emaciated and covered in bloody, bare patches.
Lions often inflict serious injuries on members of other prides they encounter in territorial disputes or members of the home pride when fighting at a kill.
Lions seize the kills of spotted hyenas; in the Ngorongoro crater it is common for lions to subsist largely on kills stolen from hyenas, causing the hyenas to increase their kill rate.
Lions similarly dominate African wild dogs, taking their kills and preying on young and rarely adult dogs.
Lions sought unsuccessfully to evade the biting flies by climbing trees or crawling into hyena burrows; many died or migrated and the local population dropped from 70 to 15 individuals.
Lions tend to assume specific roles in the pride; slower-moving individuals may provide other valuable services to the group.
Lions typically ignore spotted hyenas unless the lions are on a kill or are being harassed by the hyenas, while the latter tend to visibly react to the presence of lions, with or without the presence of food.
Lions were also hunted during the Mughal Empire, where Emperor Jahangir is said to have excelled at it.
Mahan suggested that it be called "Naismith ball", at which he laughed, saying that a name like that would kill any game.
Major reasons for population decline include habitat destruction, habitat fragmentation and poaching.
Male Asiatic lions are solitary or associate with up to three males, forming a loose pride while females associate with up to 12 other females, forming a stronger pride together with their cubs.
Male lions reach maturity at about three years of age and at four to five years are capable of challenging and displacing adult males associated with another pride.
Male tolerance of the cubs varies - sometimes a male will patiently let the cubs play with his tail or his mane, whereas another may snarl and bat the cubs away.
Males have broader heads and a prominent mane that grows downwards and backwards covering most of the head, neck, shoulders, and chest.
Males in coalitions of three or four individuals exhibit a pronounced hierarchy, in which one male dominates the others and mates more frequently.
Males, however, migrate further than their female counterparts and set out at a younger age to mark out their own area.
Malling-Hansen attended the world exhibitions in Vienna in 1873 and Paris in 1878 and he received the first-prize for his invention at both exhibitions.
Malling-Hansen placed the letters on short pistons that went directly through the ball and down to the paper.
Malling-Hansen used a solenoid escapement to return the carriage on some of his models which makes him a candidate for the title of inventor of the first "electric" typewriter.
Man-eaters have been a particular problem in recent decades in India and Bangladesh, especially in Kumaon, Garhwal and the Sundarbans mangrove swamps of Bengal, where some healthy tigers have hunted humans.
Mane colour varies and darkens with age; research shows its colour and size are influenced by environmental factors such as average ambient temperature.
Mane length apparently signals fighting success in male-male relationships; darker-maned individuals may have longer reproductive lives and higher offspring survival, although they suffer in the hottest months of the year.
Maneless lions have also been reported in Senegal, in Sudan's Dinder National Park and in Tsavo East National Park, Kenya.
Many cats also respond strongly to plants that contain nepetalactone, especially catnip, as they can detect that substance at less than one part per billion.
Many experienced typists can feel or sense when they have made an error and can hit the - Backspace key and make the correction with no increase in time between keystrokes.
Many high school musicians interested in strong academics as well as jazz found that the campus met both interests.
Many of Howard's designs are recognized California Historical Landmarks and are listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
Many of these events, including the Annual UC Berkeley Sociological Research Symposium, are completely planned and organized by undergraduate students.
Many prospects exaggerate their height while in high school or college to make themselves more appealing to coaches and scouts, who prefer taller players.
Mark Berger (BA 1964) has won four Oscars for sound mixing and is an adjunct professor at UC Berkeley.
Mark Twain claimed in his autobiography that he was the first important writer to present a publisher with a typewritten manuscript, for The Adventures of Tom Sawyer (1876).
Martin composed a pantomime titled Les Lions de Mysore ("the lions of Mysore"), an idea that Amburgh quickly borrowed.
Maru (maru, Japanese: circle or round; born May 24, 2007) is a male Scottish Fold (straight variety) cat in Japan who has become popular on YouTube.
Marciulionis played most of his NBA career with Golden State, but his induction is also for his distinguished international career (Statyba, USSR, and Lithuania).
Mashable offered "cats' cuteness, non-cuteness, popularity among geeks, blank canvas qualities, personality issues, and the fact that dogs just don't have "it"" as possible explanations to cats' popularity on the internet.
Matt Biondi (BA 1988) won eight Olympic gold medals during his swimming career, in which he participated in three different Olympics.
McGill won 9-7 in overtime; the score was 7-7 at the end of regulation play, and a ten-minute overtime period settled the outcome.
Meanwhile, in 1866, the private College of California purchased the land comprising the current Berkeley campus to re-sell it in subdivided lots to raise funds.
Measurements and time limits discussed in this section often vary among tournaments and organizations; international and NBA rules are used in this section.
Membership only changes with the births and deaths of lionesses, although some females leave and become nomadic.
Memorial Stadium's field is also marked for international soccer, but this allows little reserve room beyond the official lines.
Men's basketball was first included at the Berlin 1936 Summer Olympics, although a demonstration tournament was held in 1904.
Midnight basketball, a basketball initiative to curb inner-city crime in the United States and elsewhere by keeping urban youth off the streets and engaging them with sports alternatives to drugs and crime.
Modern students at Berkeley are less politically radical, with a greater percentage of moderates and conservatives than in the 20th century.
Mona Simpson (BA 1979) wrote the novel Anywhere But Here, which was later made into a film of the same name starring Oscar-winning actress Susan Sarandon.
More recent techniques include the use of camera traps and studies of DNA from tiger scat, while radio-collaring has been used to track tigers in the wild.
Morphologically, tigers from different regions vary little, and gene flow between populations in those regions is considered to have been possible during the Pleistocene.
Most adult cats are lactose intolerant; the sugar in milk is not easily digested and may cause soft stools or diarrhea.
Most courts have wood flooring, usually constructed from maple planks running in the same direction as the longer court dimension.
Most graduate students are supported by fellowships, teach assistantships, or research assistantships.
Most lions now live in East and Southern Africa; their numbers are rapidly decreasing, and fell by an estimated 30-50% in the late half of the 20th century.
Most of the cats have a large black splotch underneath their nose, much like the dictator's stumpy toothbrush moustache.
Most of these replaced the typeball with a plastic or metal daisy wheel mechanism (a disk with the letters molded on the outside edge of the "petals").
Most passes are accompanied by a step forward to increase power and are followed through with the hands to ensure accuracy.
Most putative subspecies described in the 19th and 20th centuries were distinguished on basis of fur length and colouration, striping patterns and body size, hence characteristics that vary widely within populations.
Most recently, the UC Berkeley team won in their region in 2005, 2009 and 2012, going on to win 4th and 3rd in the nation in 2005 and 2009, respectively.
Much of the older campus is built in the Beaux-Arts Classical style, which was the style preferred by John Galen Howard and Phoebe Hearst (who paid his salary).
Multiple building spaces have been repurposed for alternative use, and waste from construction projects is reduced.
Naismith himself later coached at the University of Kansas for six years, before handing the reins to renowned coach Forrest "Phog" Allen.
Naismith replied that he hadn't thought of it because he had been focused on just getting the game started.
Naismith's disciple Amos Alonzo Stagg brought basketball to the University of Chicago, while Adolph Rupp, a student of Naismith's at Kansas, enjoyed great success as coach at the University of Kentucky.
Naismith's handwritten diaries, discovered by his granddaughter in early 2006, indicate that he was nervous about the new game he had invented, which incorporated rules from a children's game called duck on a rock, as many had failed before it.
Narendra Karmarkar (PhD 1983) is known for the interior point method, a polynomial algorithm for linear programming known as Karmarkar's algorithm.
National Medal of Science laureate Chien-Shiung Wu (PhD 1940), often known as the "Chinese Madame Curie", disproved the Law of Conservation of Parity for which she was awarded the inaugural Wolf Prize in Physics.
Nelson had been brought to the Warriors from the Milwaukee Bucks by Jim Fitzgerald, who co-owned the team from 1986 and 1995 with Dan Finnane.
Nelson sent Richmond to the Sacramento Kings for rookie power forward Billy Owens, a promising young front-court player meant to complement the coach's run-and-gun system.
Nevertheless, typewriters remain common in some parts of the world, are required for a few specific applications, and are popular in certain subcultures.
Nicknamed the Dubs as a shortening of "W's", the Warriors hold several NBA records: best regular season, most wins in a season (regular season and postseason combined), and best postseason run.
Nineteen states have banned private ownership of tigers, fifteen require a license, and sixteen states have no regulation.
Normally, serious injuries from fighting are limited to infections of scratches and bites, though these can occasionally kill cats if untreated.
Northeast instead decided to enter the typewriter business for itself, and in 1929 produced the first Electromatic Typewriter.
Northeast was interested in finding new markets for their electric motors and developed Smathers's design so that it could be marketed to typewriter manufacturers, and from 1925 Remington Electric typewriters were produced powered by Northeast's motors.
Not normally used in day-to-day contact with keyboards, this buffer method is used only when time is of the essence.
Not only do they use tactics from football but they also do the same style of substitution as hockey well you can say it's very similar.
Not to be confused with later electronic typewriters, electric typewriters contained only a single electrical component: the motor.
Novelist Robert Penn Warren (MA 1927) won three Pulitzer Prizes, including one for his novel All the King's Men, which was later made into an Academy Award-winning movie.
Numerous alumni have had successful careers in jazz performance and education including Michael Wolff and Andy Narell.
Occasionally, male tigers participate in raising cubs, usually their own, but this is extremely rare and not always well understood.
Of 169 kittens, 127 died before they were six months old due to a trauma caused in most cases by dog attacks and road accidents.
Of enrolled freshman, nearly 56 percent were women and approximately 60 percent self-identified as persons of color.
Of those elected to the hall primarily as Warriors, only Thurmond, Barry and Mullin spent significant time with the team since the 1971 move to Oakland and the name change to "Golden State".
Offensive plays are more varied, normally involving planned passes and movement by players without the ball.
Often only one half of the court is used, but otherwise, the rules of the game are very similar to those of basketball.
Often, at the end of the year, all of the points accrued at various shows are added up and more national and regional titles are awarded to champion cats.
Often, the ears are pointed down and back to avoid damage to the inner ear and potentially listen for any changes behind them while focused forward.
On April 11, in a 112-95 stomping of the Los Angeles Lakers at the Staples Center, the Warriors clinched a playoff berth in consecutive seasons for the first time since 1991 and 1992.
On April 5, 2006, the Warriors were officially eliminated from playoff contention in a 114-109 overtime loss to the Hornets, extending their playoff drought to 12 seasons.
On April 9, 2013, with a win over the Minnesota Timberwolves, the Warriors clinched the playoffs for the second time in 19 years and the first time since the 2006-07 "We Believe" Warriors.
On December 5, 2016, Klay Thompson scored 60 points in 29 minutes, in a 142-106 victory over the Pacers.
On February 10, 2017, Draymond Green recorded a triple-double with 12 rebounds, 10 assists, and 10 steals, becoming the first player in NBA history to post a triple-double with fewer than 10 points.
On February 14, 1885, the first football game was played on the University of California campus between the hometown Bears and a football club from San Francisco known as the Merions.
On February 9, 1895, the first intercollegiate 5-on-5 game was played at Hamline University between Hamline and the School of Agriculture, which was affiliated with the University of Minnesota.
On International Tiger Day 2019, the 'Tiger Estimation Report 2018' was released by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
On January 17, 2007, the Warriors traded the disappointing Murphy and Dunleavy with promising young power forward Ike Diogu and Keith McLeod to the Indiana Pacers for forward Al Harrington, forward/guard Stephen Jackson, guard Sarunas Jasikevicius and forward Josh Powell.
On January 19, 2010, the UC Board of Regents approved the retrofit and renovation of California Memorial Stadium.
On January 23, 2015, Klay Thompson broke an NBA record for points in a quarter with 37 in the third.
On January 31, 2009, the school's Hurling club made athletic history by defeating Stanford in the first collegiate hurling match ever played on American soil.
On July 15, 2010, owner Chris Cohan sold the Warriors to Peter Guber of Mandalay Entertainment and his partner Joe Lacob for a then-record $450 million.
On July 4, 2016, Kevin Durant announced he would leave the Oklahoma City Thunder to sign a two-year contract with the Golden State Warriors.
On July 7, Durant signed his contract, which gave the Warriors a fourth All-NBA player on their team.
On March 2, 2017, the Warriors' streak for most games without back-to-back losses ended at 146 with a 94-87 loss to the Chicago Bulls.
On March 25, the team reassigned assistant coach Brian Scalabrine to the team's NBA Development League Affiliate in Santa Cruz because of what head coach Mark Jackson called a "difference in philosophies" and what unnamed league sources cited by Yahoo!
On March 4, 2007, the Warriors suffered a 106-107 loss in Washington, the Wizards handing them their 6th straight loss when former Warrior Arenas hit a technical free throw with less than one second remaining after Nelson had protested a controversial call with the Warriors ahead by a slim margin.
On May 10, 2016, Stephen Curry was named the NBA's Most Valuable Player (MVP) for the second straight season.
On Mount Elgon, the lion has been recorded up to an elevation of 3,600 m (11,800 ft) and close to the snow line on Mount Kenya.
On November 3 2017, Chancellor Carol Christ announced that the university would overtake the earthquake retrofitting expenses part of the renovation.
On November 7, 2016, Stephen Curry set the NBA record for most 3-pointers in a game with 13, in a 116-106 win over the Pelicans.
On modern keyboards, the exclamation point is the shifted character on the 1 key, a direct result of the historical fact that these were the last characters to become "standard" on keyboards.
On offense, players may use a variety of shots--the lay-up, the jump shot, or a dunk; on defense, they may steal the ball from a dribbler, intercept passes, or block shots; either offense or defense may collect a rebound, that is, a missed shot that bounces from rim or backboard.
On scoreboards, this is usually signified with an indicator light reading "Bonus" or "Penalty" with an illuminated directional arrow or dot indicating that team is to receive free throws when fouled by the opposing team.
On some typewriters, a separate type element (called a typebar) corresponds to each key; others use a single type element (such as a typeball or disc) with a different portion of it used for each character.
On the Indian subcontinent, it mainly inhabits tall grasslands and riverine forests as well as the swamp forests of the Sundarbans.
On the first model of the writing ball from 1870, the paper was attached to a cylinder inside a wooden box.
On the internet, it is often used to hide data secretly inside an image (as well as audio, video, or virtually any other kind of file).
Once dominance has been established, a male may tolerate a subordinate within his range, as long as they do not live in too close quarters.
One challenging factor was a tough starting schedule that saw them play 14 of their first 22 games on the road, including 10 games against teams holding playoff spots in the standings.
One common approach to reducing the feral cat population is termed "trap-neuter-return", where the cats are trapped, neutered, immunized against diseases such as rabies and the feline panleukopenia and leukemia viruses, and then released.
One explanation is that cats adopt humans into their social group and share excess kill with others in the group according to the dominance hierarchy, in which humans are reacted to as if they are at, or near, the top.
One fraternal organization does not participate in any of the governing bodies or in any of the campus-wide fraternal activities, the Sigma Phi Society of the Thorsen House, which acts instead as an independent secret society.
One of the Rally Committee's functions is to repaint the Big "C" to its traditional color of King Alfred Yellow.
One of the companions of Muhammad was known as Abu Hurayrah ("father of the kitten"), in reference to his documented affection to cats.
One of the first proposals for a new stadium was on the south-western corner of the campus where Edwards Stadium and Evans Diamond currently stand.
One of the first was the Daugherty Visible, introduced in 1893, which also introduced the four-bank keyboard that became standard, although the Underwood which came out two years later was the first major typewriter with these features.
One of the most widely recognised animal symbols in human culture, the lion has been extensively depicted in sculptures and paintings, on national flags, and in contemporary films and literature.
One study examining 30 subjects, of varying different styles and expertise, has found minimal difference in typing speed between touch typists and self-taught hybrid typists.
One well-publicised case is the Tsavo maneaters; in 1898, 28 officially recorded railway workers building the Kenya-Uganda Railway were taken by lions over nine months during the construction of a bridge over the Tsavo River in Kenya.
Only University House, designed by architect Albert Pissis and then home to the President of the University of California, was placed according to the original Benard plan (today it is the home of UC Berkeley's Chancellor).
Only one basket is used, and the ball must be "taken back" or "cleared" - passed or dribbled outside the three-point line each time possession of the ball changes from one team to the other.
Original estimates stated that the official stadium capacity would be around 63,000-65,000, down from the 71,799 capacity that Memorial Stadium had in 2010.
Originally a natural grass field, AstroTurf was installed in Memorial Stadium in 1981 and remained for 14 seasons.
Originally, military training was compulsory for male undergraduates and Berkeley housed an armory for that purpose.
Originally, this part of the project was to begin in the Fall of 2009, but because of the delay of phase II, the east side's improvements have been delayed indefinitely.
Oskar had a condition called microphthalmia, which means his eyes never fully developed because of genetic abnormalities.
Oskar was born on May 5, 2011 and was an outdoor cat living on a small farm in the Loess Hills of western Iowa before being adopted by Mick and Bethany Szydlowski on July 11 of that year.
Oski is described as "Our totem", and Cal's teams (or perhaps Cal students in general) are described as sons of the Golden Bear.
Oski or Oski the Bear (named after the Oski Yell) is the official mascot of the University of California, Berkeley.
Oski's identity is protected by the Committee and wearers of the suit generally do not disclose their having worn the suit.
Oski's name, design and character were developed by William "Rocky" Rockwell, who was the first student to play the role, and former Daily Cal editor Warrington Colescott.
Other examples of typewriter practices that are sometimes still used in desktop publishing systems include inserting a double space between sentences, and the use of straight quotes (or "dumb quotes") as quotation marks and prime marks.
Other languages written in the Latin alphabet sometimes use variants of the QWERTY layouts, such as the French AZERTY, the Italian QZERTY and the German QWERTZ layouts.
Other nations favor different animals online, Ugandans sharing images of goats and chickens, Mexicans preferring llamas, and Chinese internet users sharing images of the river crab and grass-mud horse due to double-meanings of their names allowing them to "subvert government Internet censors".
Other professional women's basketball leagues in the United States, such as the American Basketball League (1996-98), have folded in part because of the popularity of the WNBA.
Other shortcuts are the Ctrl key plus the C to copy and the Ctrl key and the v key to paste, and the Ctrl key and the X key to cut.
Other sports websites provided the same format keeping the game interesting with participants actually owning specific players.
Other variations include children's games, contests or activities meant to help players reinforce skills.
Otherwise, it would appear that early humans had accumulated the bones, so it may be that the tiger parts were imported from elsewhere, or that the tiger colonised Palawan from Borneo before the Holocene, considering the proximity of the two islands.
Outside North America, the top clubs from national leagues qualify to continental championships such as the EuroLeague and the Basketball Champions League Americas.
Outside these neutral areas, territory holders usually chase away stranger cats, at first by staring, hissing, and growling and, if that does not work, by short but noisy and violent attacks.
Over the years, he has become known on the site as a lolcat, and was popular for his seemingly random, but positive posts until his untimely and unfortunate death in April of 2019 due to kidney complications related to Feline Immunodeficiency Virus.
Overtime periods are five minutes in length except for high school, which is four minutes in length.
Owing to its prominent position, the Big "C" is often the target of pranks by rival Stanford University students who paint the Big "C" red and also fraternities and sororities who paint it their organization's colors.
Owing to the close similarity between play and hunting, cats prefer to play with objects that resemble prey, such as small furry toys that move rapidly, but rapidly lose interest.
Owing to the risks posed by cats eating string, it is sometimes replaced with a laser pointer's dot, which cats may chase.
PCCJF brought jazz luminaries such as Hubert Laws, Sonny Rollins, Freddie Hubbard, and Ed Shaughnessy to the Berkeley campus as performers, clinicians, and adjudicators.
Panthera is phonetically similar to the Sanskrit word paannddr pand-ara meaning 'pale yellow, whitish, white'.
Paper companies produced a special form of typewriter paper called erasable bond (for example, Eaton's Corrasable Bond).
Participant Conscientiousness = IF / (IF + INF)If C represents the amount of useful information transferred, INF, IF, and F represent the proportion of bandwidth wasted.
Parton has said in interviews that when writing the song, to mimic the typing keys sound, she would run her acrylic fingernails back and forth against each other.
People previously convicted of any crime or those who because of their behaviour were considered to be "a danger to public order or to the security of the state" were refused approval.
Perhaps the best-known element of cats' hunting behavior, which is commonly misunderstood and often appalls cat owners because it looks like torture, is that cats often appear to "play" with prey by releasing it after capture.
Perhaps the most legendary of high school teams was Indiana's Franklin Wonder Five, which took the nation by storm during the 1920s, dominating Indiana basketball and earning national recognition.
Perhaps the single most common variation of basketball is the half-court game, played in informal settings without referees or strict rules.
Persistent reports that Mark Jackson's job as head coach was in jeopardy led Warriors players to make a unanimous declaration of support for Jackson only minutes after the Warriors' first-round playoff loss to the Clippers.
Peter Smith (BS 1969) was the principal investigator and project leader for the NASA robotic explorer Phoenix, which physically confirmed the presence of water on the planet Mars for the first time.
Phase I consisted of building the 142,000-square-foot (13,200 m2) Simpson Center for Student-Athlete High Performance next to the west wall of the stadium.
Phase I of the renovations were originally scheduled to begin the spring and summer of 2006 but was delayed by a court injunction due to three lawsuits against the project.
Phase III of the Memorial Stadium renovation and retrofit is the renovation of the stadium's east side by adding modern amenities to that side of the stadium.
Players advance the ball by bouncing it while walking or running (dribbling) or by passing it to a teammate, both of which require considerable skill.
Players may shoot directly into the basket or may use the backboard to redirect the ball into the basket.
Players who are fouled either receive the ball to pass inbounds again, or receive one or more free throws if they are fouled in the act of shooting, depending on whether the shot was successful.
Players who are taller and playing the power forward or center positions generally record more blocks than players who are shorter and playing the guard positions.
Points are scored by playing the ball through the net, as in basketball, though the point-scoring rules are modified.
Polygraph - invented by John Augustus Larson and a police officer from the Berkeley Police Department in 1921.
Portions of the mostly undeveloped, eastern area of the campus are actually within the City of Oakland; these portions extend from the Claremont Resort north through the Panoramic Hill neighborhood to Tilden Park.
Post-nursing cats often purr as a sign of contentment: when being petted, becoming relaxed, or eating.
Power forward (the "4"): plays offensively often with their back to the basket; on defense, plays under the basket (in a zone defense) or against the opposing power forward (in man-to-man defense).
Previously, live bear cubs were used as mascots at Memorial Stadium until it was decided in 1940 that a costumed mascot would be a better alternative.
Pride lionesses often synchronise their reproductive cycles and communal rearing and suckling of the young, which suckle indiscriminately from any or all of the nursing females in the pride.
Prior to the 1963-64 NBA season, the Warriors drafted big man Nate Thurmond to go along with Chamberlain.
Prior to the 1992 Summer Olympics, only European and South American teams were allowed to field professionals in the Olympics.
Pulitzer Prize-winning historian Leon Litwack (BA 1951, PhD 1958) taught as a professor at UC Berkeley for 43 years; three other UC Berkeley professors have also received the Pulitzer Prize.
Pulitzer Prize-winning cartoonist Rube Goldberg (BS 1904) invented the comically complex--yet ultimately trivial--contraptions known as Rube Goldberg machines.
Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Marguerite Higgins (BA 1941) was a pioneering female war correspondent who covered World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War.
Questions about morals made a salacious businessman making sexual advances to a female typist into a cliche of office life, appearing in vaudeville and movies.
Radio-collared tigers in Chitwan National Park started dispersing from their natal areas earliest at the age of 19 months.
Rasmus Malling-Hansen of Denmark invented the Hansen Writing Ball, which went into commercial production in 1870 and was the first commercially sold typewriter.
Recent developments include the newly completed Jean Hargrove Music Library, the fourth free-standing music library to be constructed in the United States.
Records in Central Asia indicate that it occurred foremost in Tugay riverine forests along the Atrek, Amu Darya, Syr Darya, Hari, Chu and Ili Rivers and their tributaries.
RelatedThe video was referenced in the South Park episode "Faith Hilling", where Johnson's speech pattern ended up causing several deaths related to "Oh Long Johnsoning".
Religion-based basketball includes, most notably, church-related Christian basketball leagues, Jewish, Muslim and Hindu basketball leagues, and so on.
Reporting on actual events, it changes the wording to a type of cat talk such as " kidney opurration" instead of kidney operation and " prepurr for major eruption" instead of prepare for major eruption.
Requirements for academic honors are specified by individual schools and colleges, scholarly prizes are typically awarded by departments, and students are elected to honor societies based on these organizations' criteria.
Research showed that Twain's memory was incorrect and that the first book submitted in typed form was Life on the Mississippi (1883, also by Twain).
Results of a phylogeographic study indicate that all living tigers had a common ancestor 72,000-108,000 years ago.
Results of phylogenetic research confirm that the wild Felis species evolved through sympatric or parapatric speciation, whereas the domestic cat evolved through artificial selection.
Results of phylogeographic research indicate that the two living lion subspecies diverged about 245,000 years ago.
Results support six monophyletic tiger clades corresponding with the living subspecies and indicate that the most recent common ancestor lived about 110,000 years ago.
Rezball, short for reservation ball, is the avid Native American following of basketball, particularly a style of play particular to Native American teams of some areas.
Richard Polt, a philosophy professor at Xavier University in Cincinnati who collects typewriters, edits ETCetera, a quarterly magazine about historic writing machines, and is the author of the book The Typewriter Revolution: A Typist's Companion for the 21st Century.
Rodgers' tenure was evenly divided between Philadelphia and San Francisco, and Chamberlain's and Attles' nearly so.
Sam Smith, a former writer from The Chicago Tribune, said: "We sort of know the heights, because after camp, the sheet comes out.
Samizdat was a form of self-publication used when the government was censoring what literature the public could access.
Scavenging lions keep a constant lookout for circling vultures, which indicate the death or distress of an animal.
School or High school basketball, the sport of basketball being one of the most frequently exercised and popular sports in all school systems.
Scientists therefore assume that African wildcats were attracted to early human settlements in the Fertile Crescent by rodents, in particular the house mouse (Mus musculus), and were tamed by Neolithic farmers.
Screens and cuts are very important in offensive plays; these allow the quick passes and teamwork, which can lead to a successful basket.
Seventeen-year NBA veteran and former ABC and ESPN commentator Mark Jackson replaced Smart as head coach on June 6.
Several natural behaviors and characteristics of wildcats may have preadapted them for domestication as pets.
Several of the songs give an impression of Oski being a powerful guardian-being dwelling in the heavens, as well as sallying forth from a lair on Earth.
Several such incidents have been observed in which the subordinate tiger yielded defeat by rolling onto its back and showing its belly in a submissive posture.
Sexually active males are usually involved in many fights during their lives, and often have decidedly battered faces with obvious scars and cuts to their ears and nose.
She appeared on Late Night with David Letterman on January 24, 1985, but felt that Letterman made a spectacle of her.
She was responsible for an estimated 430 human deaths, the most attacks known to be perpetrated by a single wild animal, by the time she was shot in 1907 by Jim Corbett.
Shepherd sees cats' behavior as being "cool, and effortless, and devoid of any concern about what you might think about it.
Shiing-Shen Chern, a leading geometer of the 20th century and a faculty member of the Berkeley mathematics department, co-founded the renowned Mathematical Sciences Research Institute at Berkeley in 1981 and served as the founding Director until 1984.
Shooting guard (the "2") : creates a high volume of shots on offense, mainly long-ranged; and guards the opponent's best perimeter player on defense.
Shooting is the act of attempting to score points by throwing the ball through the basket, methods varying with players and situations.
Show basketball is performed by entertainment basketball show teams, the prime example being the Harlem Globetrotters.
Similar material was soon incorporated in carbon-film electric typewriter ribbons; like the traditional two-color black-and-red inked ribbon common on manual typewriters, a black and white correcting ribbon became commonplace on electric typewriters.
Similar to desktop keyboards and input devices, if a user overuses keys which need hard presses and/or have small and unergonomic layouts, it could cause thumb tendonitis or other repetitive strain injury.
Similarly at Gap, in the department of the Hautes-Alpes, cats used to be roasted over the midsummer bonfire.
Simonyi later became the first repeat space tourist, blasting off on Russian Soyuz rockets to work at the International Space Station orbiting the earth.
Since 1967, students and staff jazz musicians have had an opportunity to perform and study with the University of California Jazz Ensembles.
Since the 17th century, tigers, being rare and ferocious, were sought after to keep at European castles as symbols of their owners' power.
Since the early 20th century, tiger populations have lost at least 93% of their historic range and have been extirpated in Western and Central Asia, from the islands of Java and Bali, and in large areas of Southeast and South Asia and China.
Since the end of the last glacial period, it was probably restricted by periods of deep snow lasting longer than six months.
Since the successful economies of South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Singapore were described as the Four Asian Tigers, a tiger economy is a metaphor for a nation in rapid development.
Singh is an ancient Indian vedic name meaning "lion", dating back over 2,000 years in ancient India.
Single lions are capable of bringing down zebra and wildebeest, while larger prey like buffalo and giraffe are riskier.
Slamball is a very intense form of basketball game actually it is an elevated game of basketball that is infused with football tactics and involves bouncing of a trampolines.
Small forward (the "3") : often primarily responsible for scoring points via cuts to the basket and dribble penetration; on defense seeks rebounds and steals, but sometimes plays more actively.
Social licking often occurs in tandem with head rubbing; it is generally mutual and the recipient appears to express pleasure.
Some also develop odd eating habits and like to eat or chew on things like wool, plastic, cables, paper, string, aluminum foil, or even coal.
Some cats, particularly longhaired cats, occasionally regurgitate hairballs of fur that have collected in their stomachs from grooming.
Some consider the presence of lions a benefit, as they keep populations of crop damaging herbivores in check.
Some estimates suggest that there are fewer than 2,500 mature breeding individuals, with no subpopulation containing more than 250 mature breeding individuals.
Some females are fertile and have occasionally given birth to litigons when mated to a male Asiatic lion.
Some graduate schools, such as the Haas School of Business and Berkeley Law, have their own financial aid offices.
Some other big names that played in prison basketball leagues are Allen Iverson, JR Smith and Plaxico Burress, for some prison leagues can be a valuable training ground.
Some ribbons were inked in black and red stripes, each being half the width and running the entire length of the ribbon.
Some scholars say the scroll was shelf paper; others contend it was a Thermo-fax roll; another theory is that the roll consisted of sheets of architect's paper taped together.
Some typewriters were designed to print extra-large type (commonly double height, double width) for labelling purposes.
Some use their fingers very consistently, with the same finger being used to type the same character every time, while others vary the way they use their fingers.
Some variations are only superficial rules changes, while others are distinct games with varying degrees of basketball influences.
Sometimes this introduction to pride life occurs earlier, particularly if other lionesses have given birth at about the same time.
Sophisticated models were also called word processors, though today that term almost always denotes a type of software program.
South Korean improviser Ryu Hankil frequently performs typewriters, most prominently in his 2009 album Becoming Typewriter.
Sports agent Leigh Steinberg ( BA 1970, JD 1973) has represented professional athletes such as Steve Young, Troy Aikman, and Oscar De La Hoya; Steinberg has been called the real-life inspiration for the title character in the Oscar-winning film Jerry Maguire (portrayed by Tom Cruise).
Starting in January 2010, they issued multiple 10-day contracts, most notably to power forward Anthony Tolliver from the Idaho Stampede.
Stephen Curry, Kevin Durant, Draymond Green, and Klay Thompson were all named to the 2017 NBA All-Star Game, making the Warriors only the eighth team in NBA history to have four All-Stars.
Still, as of 2009, typewriters continued to be used by a number of government agencies and other institutions in the US, where they are primarily used to fill preprinted forms.
Stone also wrote The Agony and the Ecstasy, which was later made into a film of the same name starring Oscar winner Charlton Heston as Michelangelo.
Streetball - Streetball is a less formal variant of basketball, played on playgrounds and in gymnasiums across the world.
Streetball is a very popular game worldwide, and some cities in the United States have organized streetball programs, such as midnight basketball.
String is often used as a toy, but if it is eaten, it can become caught at the base of the cat's tongue and then move into the intestines, a medical emergency which can cause serious illness, even death.
Stripes are likely advantageous for camouflage in vegetation such as long grass with strong vertical patterns of light and shade.
Students and prospective students of UC Berkeley are eligible for a variety of public and private financial aid.
Students at UC Berkeley live in a variety of housing that cater to personal and academic preferences and styles.
Students from various backgrounds come together to work on a marketing case provided by the AAF and a corporate sponsor to college chapters across the nation.
Students of all majors are recruited and trained to work on pro-bono consulting engagements with real-life nonprofit clients.
Successful hunts usually require the tiger to almost simultaneously leap onto its quarry, knock it over, and grab the throat or nape with its teeth.
Such attacks are most common in areas where population growth, logging, and farming have put pressure on tiger habitats and reduced their wild prey.
Such games tend to emphasize individual dribbling and ball stealing skills over shooting and team play.
Tail-raising also indicates the cat's position in the group's social hierarchy, with dominant individuals raising their tails less often than subordinate ones.
Tardar Sauce (born April 4, 2012; died May 15, 2019), better known by her Internet name "Grumpy Cat", was a cat and Internet celebrity known for her grumpy facial expression.
Tarik Glenn (BA 1999) is a Super Bowl XLI champion, and Mitchell Schwartz (2011) is an All-Pro NFL offensive tackle.
Teams almost always have several offensive plays planned to ensure their movement is not predictable.
Teams also have a coach, who oversees the development and strategies of the team, and other team personnel such as assistant coaches, managers, statisticians, doctors and trainers.
Tennis athlete Helen Wills Moody (BA 1925) won 31 Grand Slam titles, including eight singles titles at Wimbledon.
Terry McMillan (BA 1986) wrote How Stella Got Her Groove Back, which was later made into a film of the same name starring Oscar-nominated actress Angela Bassett.
Text could be entered a line or paragraph at a time and edited using the display and built-in software tools before being committed to paper.
That team was coached by former Warrior Al Attles, and led on the court by Rick Barry and Jamaal Wilkes.
That's almost correct but most people don't know that there is a wide range of athletic opportunities available in today's penitentiaries.
The "Sleepy Floyd game" catalyzed increased interest in the NBA in the Bay Area; so did new coach Don Nelson, who engineered a string of wins in the late 1980s and early 1990s with the high-scoring trio of point guard Tim Hardaway, guard Mitch Richmond and forward Chris Mullin.
The "shift lock" key (the precursor to the modern caps lock) allowed the shift operation to be maintained indefinitely.
The "treesit" protest revolved around the controversy of clearing away trees by the stadium to build the new Student Athlete High Performance Center.
The 1994-95 season was the first under new team owner Chris Cohan, who had bought out Fitzgerald and Finnane.
The 1998-99 season, which commenced only months later, was the first season after the shift to the current summer season format (October-April).
The 2010 United States National Research Council Rankings identified UC Berkeley as having the highest number of top-ranked doctoral programs in the nation.
The 2012 French comedy movie Populaire, starring Romain Duris and Deborah Francois, centers on a young secretary in the 1950s striving to win typewriting speed competitions.
The 2013 Top American Research Universities report by the Center for Measuring University Performance ranked Berkeley 8th over-all, 5th in resources, faculty, and education, 9th in resources and education, and 1st in education.
The 2017 Finals once again pitted the Warriors against the Cavaliers, becoming the first time in NBA history that two teams met in the Finals for three consecutive years.
The 2018 Finals pitted the Warriors against the Cavaliers for the fourth consecutive season; this marked the first time in NBA history that the same two teams had met in the Finals for four consecutive years.
The 2019 Forbes America's Top Colleges report ranks Berkeley the top public university and 13th among 650 universities and liberal arts colleges in the United States.
The ASUC's Student Union Program, Entertainment, and Recreation Board (SUPERB) is a student-run, non-profit branch dedicated to providing entertainment for the campus and community.
The American lion arose when a cave lion population in Beringia became isolated south of the Cordilleran Ice Sheet about 370,000 years ago.
The Ames test was described in a series of papers in 1973 by Bruce Ames and his group at the University.
The Associated Students of the University of California (ASUC) is the official student association that controls funding for student groups and organizes on-campus student events.
The Assyrians would release captive lions in a reserved space for the king to hunt; this event would be watched by spectators as the king and his men, on horseback or chariots, killed the lions with arrows and spears.
The BSC is a nonprofit housing cooperative network consisting of 20 cooperative homes and 1250 member-owners.
The Bancroft Library also houses The Mark Twain Papers, The Oral History Center, the Center for the Tebtunis Papyri and the University Archives.
The Bancroft Library, has over 400,000 printed volumes and 70 million manuscripts, pictorial items, maps and more, maintains special collections that document the history of the western part of North America, with an emphasis on California, Mexico and Central America.
The Bears played at AT&T Park in San Francisco for the 2011 season while the renovations were being made.
The Bengal tiger is not a very common creature in heraldry, but is present as a supporter in the arms of Bombay and emblazoned on the shield of the University of Madras.
The Berkeley Forum is a student organization that hosts panels, debates, and talks by leading experts from many different fields.
The Berkeley Group is a student consulting organization, founded in 2003, affiliated with UC Berkeley and the Haas School of Business.
The Berkeley campus encompasses approximately 1,232 acres (499 ha), though the "central campus" occupies only the low-lying western 178 acres (72 ha) of this area.
The Big "C" has its roots in an early 20th-century campus event called "Rush", which pitted the freshman and sophomore classes against each other in a race up Charter Hill that often developed into a wrestling match.
The Boston Typewriter Orchestra (BTO) has performed at numerous art festivals, clubs, and parties since 2004.
The Cal Mic Men, a standard at home football games, has recently expanded to involve basketball and volleyball.
The Center for World University Rankings (CWUR) ranked the university 6th in the world based on quality of education, alumni employment, quality of faculty, publications, influence, citations, broad impact, and patents in 2018-19.
The Chairman of the Rally Committee holds the title "Custodian of the Axe" while it is in the Committee's care.
The Chinese subspecies was almost completely decimated by killing for commerce due to both the parts and skin trades in the 1950s through the 1970s.
The Daily Telegraph also deemed the best cat video on YouTube as "Surprised Kitty (Original)", which currently has over 75 million views.
The Daily Telegraph deemed Nyan Cat the most popular internet cat, while NPR gave this title to Grumpy Cat.
The Durant signing made the Warriors prohibitive favorites to win the 2017 NBA championship, according to oddsmakers.
The Edmonton Grads, a touring Canadian women's team based in Edmonton, Alberta, operated between 1915 and 1940.
The FIBA Basketball World Cup and Men's Olympic Basketball Tournament are the major international events of the sport and attract top national teams from around the world.
The FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup and Women's Olympic Basketball Tournament feature top national teams from continental championships.
The Grads also shone on several exhibition trips to Europe, and won four consecutive exhibition Olympics tournaments, in 1924, 1928, 1932, and 1936; however, women's basketball was not an official Olympic sport until 1976.
The Greek historian Herodotus reported that killing a cat was forbidden, and when a household cat died, the entire family mourned and shaved their eyebrows.
The Greeks later syncretized their own goddess Artemis with the Egyptian goddess Bastet, adopting Bastet's associations with cats and ascribing them to Artemis.
The Hayward Fault passes directly under the playing field of Memorial Stadium (nearly from goal post to goal post.
The Huffington Post suggested that the videos were a form of procrastination, with most being watched while at work or ostensibly studying, while IU Bloomington commented "[it] does more than simply entertain; it boosts viewers' energy and positive emotions and decreases negative feelings".
The IBM Selectric became a commercial success, dominating the office typewriter market for at least two decades.
The Krums' machine, named the Morkrum Printing Telegraph, used a typewheel rather than individual typebars.
The Lion Capital of Ashoka, erected by Emperor Ashoka in the 3rd century CE, depicts four lions standing back to back.
The London Science Museum describes it merely as "the first writing mechanism whose invention was documented", but even that claim may be excessive, since Turri's invention pre-dates it.
The Mavericks came back to win Game 2 easily to tie the series at a game apiece, but the Warriors won both Games 3 & 4 with a huge lift from the home crowd at Oracle Arena.
The Middle English tigre and Old English tigras (plural) derive from Old French tigre, from Latin tigris.
The Momentum Turf surface allowed for minimal maintenance and increased utilization of the stadium, for football practices and other sports, on the space-limited UC Berkeley campus.
The Money Magazine Best Colleges ranking for 2015 ranked Berkeley 9th in the United States, based on educational quality, affordability and alumni earnings.
The Museum of Paleontology, found in the lobby of the Valley Life Sciences Building, showcases a variety of dinosaur fossils including a complete cast of a Tyrannosaurus Rex.
The NBA, which was created by a 1949 merger, officially recognizes that as its own first championship.
The National Basketball Association (NBA) is the most significant professional basketball league in the world in terms of popularity, salaries, talent, and level of competition.
The National Catholic Interscholastic Basketball Tournament ran from 1924 to 1941 at Loyola University.
The National Catholic Invitational Basketball Tournament from 1954 to 1978 played at a series of venues, including Catholic University, Georgetown and George Mason.
The National Interscholastic Basketball Tournament for Black High Schools was held from 1929 to 1942 at Hampton Institute.
The National Invitational Interscholastic Basketball Tournament was held from 1941 to 1967 starting out at Tuskegee Institute.
The Nemean lion was symbolic in ancient Greece and Rome, represented as the constellation and zodiac sign Leo, and described in mythology, where it was killed and worn by the hero Heracles, symbolising victory over death.
The QWERTY layout is not the most efficient layout possible for the English language, since it requires a touch-typist to move his or her fingers between rows to type the most common letters.
The QWERTY layout of keys has become the de facto standard for English-language typewriter and computer keyboards.
The Raiders ended the Dolphins' NFL record 18-game winning streak with a 12-7 victory on four field goals by 45-year-old George Blanda on September 23.
The Raiders were granted an injunction from the city collecting the tax, arguing that the tax was a regulatory measure rather than a revenue measure, and was therefore an improper regulation on land held in trust by the Regents of the University of California.
The Rally Committee is also responsible for safekeeping of the Stanford Axe when it is in Cal's possession.
The Redeem Team, won gold at the 2008 Olympics, and the B-Team, won gold at the 2010 FIBA World Championship in Turkey despite featuring no players from the 2008 squad.
The Russian layout, for instance, puts the common trigrams yva, pro, and it' on adjacent keys so that they can be typed by rolling the fingers.
The Selectric used a system of latches, metal tapes, and pulleys driven by an electric motor to rotate the ball into the correct position and then strike it against the ribbon and platen.
The Simpson Center for Student-Athlete High Performance (originally SAHPC) opened in the Fall of 2011 and became 100% operational in January 2012.
The South Island piopio, Chatham rail, and the New Zealand merganser are a few from a long list, with the most extreme case being the flightless Lyall's wren, which was driven to extinction only a few years after its discovery.
The Soviet government signed a Decree on Press which prohibited the publishing of any written work that wasn't previously read over and approved.
The Sumatran Tiger Project (STP) was initiated in June 1995 in and around the Way Kambas National Park in order to ensure the long-term viability of wild Sumatran tigers and to accumulate data on tiger life-history characteristics vital for the management of wild populations.
The Tungusic peoples considered the Siberian tiger a near-deity and often referred to it as "Grandfather" or "Old man".
The Turing Award, the "Nobel Prize of computer science", has been awarded to 11 alumni and 12 past and present full-time faculty, with Dana Scott being an alumnus and a faculty member.
The UC Men's Octet is an eight-member a cappella group founded in 1948 featuring a repertoire of barbershop, doo-wop, contemporary pop, modern alternative, and fight songs.
The UCSCA (as the BSC was known by at that time) was founded in 1933 with the assistance of then-director of Stiles Hall, Harry Kingman.
The United States continued its dominance as they won gold at the 2012 Olympics, 2014 FIBA World Cup and the 2016 Olympics.
The University of California is governed by a 26-member Board of Regents, 18 of which are appointed by the Governor of California to 12-year terms, 7 serving as ex officio members, a single student regent and a non-voting student regent-designate.
The University of California reopened the stadium on September 1, 2012, for a home football game against the University of Nevada.
The University of California, Berkeley (UC Berkeley, Berkeley, Cal, or California) is a public research university in Berkeley, California.
The Warriors also achieved a milestone by completing their first ever 6-1 road trip in franchise history, including a 97-95 win over the defending champion Heat in Miami.
The Warriors also signed point guard Shaun Livingston and guard Leandro Barbosa during the off-season.
The Warriors chose future superstar point guard Stephen Curry of Davidson College with the seventh overall pick in the 2009 NBA draft.
The Warriors compete in the National Basketball Association (NBA), as a member of the league's Western Conference Pacific Division.
The Warriors completed the 2014-2015 regular season with a league-best record of 67-15, setting a new record for most wins in franchise history.
The Warriors had another injury-prone year in 2009-10 as they were consistently unable to field their ideal starting lineup.
The Warriors have utilized several different logo and uniform designs throughout their history, with the most recent redesign occurring in 2010.
The Warriors have won three of the four NBA Finals in which they faced the Cavs, winning in 2015, 2017, and 2018.
The Warriors hold the draft rights to the following unsigned draft picks who have been playing outside the NBA.
The Warriors made an off-season trade that sent Turiaf, Randolph and Kelenna Azubuike to the New York Knicks in return for star high-scoring power forward David Lee via a sign-and-trade.
The Warriors made the playoffs from 1971 to 1977 except in 1974, and won their first NBA championship on the West Coast in 1974-75.
The Warriors played their first regular season game at Chase Center on October 24, 2019, in a 141-122 loss to the Los Angeles Clippers.
The Warriors selected future All-Star shooting guard Klay Thompson with the 11th pick in the 2011 NBA Draft.
The Warriors selected power forward prospect Joe Smith as their first overall draft pick in 1995 and hired Rick Adelman as the new head coach.
The Warriors sold out nearly every home game during the season averaging 19,631 per game, the highest in team history.
The Warriors surpassed the 1969-70 New York Knicks for the best road start in NBA history at 14-0, which is also the joint-third longest road win streak.
The Warriors swept the Cavaliers to win their second straight NBA championship; previously, there had not been an NBA Finals sweep since 2007.
The Warriors swept the New Orleans Pelicans in the first round of the playoffs, defeated Memphis Grizzlies in six games in the second round, and dispatched Houston Rockets in five games in the Western Conference Finals.
The Warriors went on to play the Utah Jazz in the second round of the 2006-07 playoffs, where they dropped two close games at EnergySolutions Arena to open the series.
The Warriors were founded in 1946 as the Philadelphia Warriors, a charter member of the Basketball Association of America.
The Warriors won its next championship in Philadelphia in the 1955-56 season, defeating the Fort Wayne Pistons four games to one.
The Warriors won the Western Division crown that season, but lost the 1964 NBA Finals to the Boston Celtics, four games to one.
The Warriors won the inaugural Basketball Association of America (BAA) championship in 1947, and won again in 1956, led by Hall of Fame trio Paul Arizin, Tom Gola, and Neil Johnston.
The Warriors won three of the first four games of the 2016 NBA Finals, but the Cavaliers made a comeback to tie the series at three wins apiece.
The Warriors' small lineup (which came to be known as the Death Lineup) helped turn the series around.
The West African lion population is isolated from the one in Central Africa, with little or no exchange of breeding individuals.
The Western Conference was very strong that season; every playoff team won 50 games, leaving the Warriors two games out of the last playoff spot.
The White Tiger (Chinese: Bai Hu ; pinyin: Bai Hu) is one of the Four Symbols of the Chinese constellations.
The ancient Egyptians portrayed several of their war deities as lionesses, which they revered as fierce hunters.
The appending of Schmidt's video to other blooper and other viral videos became popular, with such videos usually accompanied with the title Play Him Off, Keyboard Cat or a variant.
The area south of the university includes student housing and Telegraph Avenue, one of Berkeley's main shopping districts with stores, street vendors and restaurants catering to college students and tourists.
The athletic teams at UC Berkeley are known as the California Golden Bears (often shortened to "Cal Bears" or just "Cal") and are primarily members of the NCAA Division I Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12).
The average gestation period is around 110 days; the female gives birth to a litter of between one and four cubs in a secluded den, which may be a thicket, a reed-bed, a cave, or some other sheltered area, usually away from the pride.
The backboard was introduced to prevent this interference; it had the additional effect of allowing rebound shots.
The ball is out of bounds if it touches a boundary line, or touches any player or object that is out of bounds.
The ball may be advanced toward the basket by being shot, passed between players, thrown, tapped, rolled or dribbled (bouncing the ball while running).
The ball must stay within the court; the last team to touch the ball before it travels out of bounds forfeits possession.
The basic technique stands in contrast to hunt and peck typing in which the typist keeps their eyes on the source copy at all times.
The baskets were originally nailed to the mezzanine balcony of the playing court, but this proved impractical when spectators in the balcony began to interfere with shots.
The behavioral biometric of Keystroke Dynamics uses the manner and rhythm in which an individual types characters on a keyboard or keypad.
The benefits of a standardized measurement of input speed are that it enables comparison across language and hardware boundaries.
The birth of the UCSCA, as well as many other cooperative organizations around the country, coincided with the Great Depression precisely as a response to scant resources.
The book has sold over four million copies, and has been the basis of both fictional and documentary films.
The bounce pass takes longer to complete than the chest pass, but it is also harder for the opposing team to intercept (kicking the ball deliberately is a violation).
The campus is home to several museums including the University of California Museum of Paleontology, the UC Berkeley Art Museum and Pacific Film Archive, and the Lawrence Hall of Science.
The campus of the University of California, Berkeley and its surrounding community are home to a number of notable buildings by early 20th-century campus architect John Galen Howard, his peer Bernard Maybeck (best known for the San Francisco Palace of Fine Arts), and their colleague Julia Morgan.
The capacity of the refurbished stadium is now 63,186, and was sold out for the first game of the 2012 season in a 31-24 Cal loss against the University of Nevada Wolf Pack.
The cat is either a house cat, a farm cat or a feral cat; latter ranges freely and avoids human contact.
The cat skull is unusual among mammals in having very large eye sockets and a powerful specialized jaw.
The cat was once partnering with the first dog before the latter broke an oath they had made which resulted in enmity between the descendants of these two animals.
The center saw the construction of new locker rooms, offices meeting rooms, training and sports medicine facilities, and an academic center in the SAHPC.
The center was built to be the home of football and 12 of California's Olympic sports that were previously housed in Memorial Stadium.
The chair of the architectural committee was John Galen Howard, the university's chief architect, and his influence is evident in the stadium's neoclassical motif.
The circus shot is a low-percentage shot that is flipped, heaved, scooped, or flung toward the hoop while the shooter is off-balance, airborne, falling down, and/or facing away from the basket.
The clip was included in the 2019 Cat Video Fest which was held at the Vancity Theatre in Vancouver on the 20th of April.
The competitive exclusion of wolves by tigers has been used by Russian conservationists to convince hunters to tolerate the big cats.
The composer Leroy Anderson wrote The Typewriter (1950) for orchestra and typewriter, and it has since been used as the theme for numerous radio programs.
The composer Pablo Sorozabal includes in a scene of his zarzuela La eterna cancion (1945) a typewriter, accompanied by an orchestra and vocal soloists: the scene is in a police station, where a policeman is deposing witnesses, and is singing while he types the report.
The concept of a shift key or modifier key was later extended to Ctrl, Alt, and Super ("Windows" or "Apple") keys on modern computer keyboards.
The cubs start hunting on their own earliest at the age of 11 months, and become independent around 18 to 20 months of age.
The cute cat theory of digital activism is a theory concerning Internet activism, Web censorship, and "cute cats" (a term used for any low-value, but popular online activity) developed by Ethan Zuckerman in 2008.
The daily duration of sleep varies, usually between 12 and 16 hours, with 13 and 14 being the average.
The dead key feature was often implemented mechanically by having the typist press and hold the space bar while typing the characters to be superimposed.
The debt payments are scheduled to continue for one hundred years from its 2013 inception, concluding in 2113.
The departure of these players for various reasons symbolized the franchise's futility during this period, as head coach Attles  moved up to the front office as general manager in 1980 and the team made several coaching changes.
The determination of a make and/or model of typewriter is a 'classification' problem and several systems have been developed for this purpose.
The development of these proprietary printing engines provided the vendors with exclusive markets in consumable ribbons and the ability to use standardized printing engines with varying degrees of electronic and software sophistication to develop product lines.
The difficulty with any other arrangement was ensuring the typebars fell back into place reliably when the key was released.
The disproportionate growth in numbers of white tigers points to inbreeding among homozygous recessive individuals.
The domestic cat has slit pupils, which allow it to focus bright light without chromatic aberration.
The domestic cat is a member of the Felidae, a family that had a common ancestor about 10-15 million years ago.
The domesticated cat and its closest wild ancestor are both diploid organisms that possess 38 chromosomes and roughly 20,000 genes.
The dominant cub is more active than its siblings and takes the lead in their play, eventually leaving its mother and becoming independent earlier.
The earliest known evidence for the occurrence of the domestic cat in Greece dates to around 1200 BC.
The earliest known indication for a tamed African wildcat was excavated close by a human grave in Shillourokambos, southern Cyprus, dating to about 9,200 to 9,500 years before present.
The earliest reference in fictional literature to the potential identification of a typewriter as having produced a document was by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, who wrote the Sherlock Holmes short story "A Case of Identity" in 1891.
The earliest surviving record of lion hunting is an ancient Egyptian inscription dated circa 1380 BC that mentions Pharaoh Amenhotep III killing 102 lions "with his own arrows" during the first ten years of his rule.
The earliest unmistakable evidence of the Greeks having domestic cats comes from two coins from Magna Graecia dating to the mid-fifth century BC showing Iokastos and Phalanthos, the legendary founders of Rhegion and Taras respectively, playing with their pet cats.
The early 1920s saw four major collegiate venues open in the State of California: Stanford Stadium, the Rose Bowl, the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, and California Memorial Stadium.
The early Resident Evil video games use a typewriter as the save feature, and use one ink ribbon per save.
The effort failed to raise the necessary funds so the private college merged with the state-run Agricultural, Mining, and Mechanical Arts College to form the University of California, the first full-curriculum public university in the state.
The establishment of a second, independent Asiatic lion population in Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary, located in Madhya Pradesh was planned but in 2017, the Asiatic Lion Reintroduction Project seemed unlikely to be implemented.
The eventual improvements on the east side of the stadium called for an extension of the concourse to wrap around the stadium, new restrooms, ADA seating, and vendors.
The exhibition "looks at the history of how they rose to internet fame, and why people like them so much".
The expansion of the Sahara 83,100-26,600 years ago caused the separation of populations in West and North Africa.
The fastest typing speed ever, 216 words per minute, was achieved by Stella Pajunas-Garnand from Chicago in 1946 in one minute on an IBM electric using the QWERTY key layout.
The feed was designed to discuss operational details of terrorist raids, but when police asked for a social media blackout the hashtag was overwhelmed by internet users posting pictures of cats to drown out serious discussion and prevent terrorists from gaining any useful information.
The female gives birth in a sheltered location such as in tall grass, in a dense thicket, cave or rocky crevice.
The field was located where the Valley Life Sciences Building currently stands and the game drew some 450 people.
The first Canadian interuniversity basketball game was played at YMCA in Kingston, Ontario on February 6, 1904, when McGill University--Naismith's alma mater--visited Queen's University.
The first European "zoos" spread among noble and royal families in the 13th century, and until the 17th century were called seraglios; at that time they came to be called menageries, an extension of the cabinet of curiosities.
The first FIBA 3x3 Youth World Championships were held in Rimini, Italy in 2011, with the first FIBA 3x3 World Championships for senior teams following a year later in Athens.
The first balls made specifically for basketball were brown, and it was only in the late 1950s that Tony Hinkle, searching for a ball that would be more visible to players and spectators alike, introduced the orange ball that is now in common use.
The first cat video on YouTube was uploaded in 2005 by YouTube co-founder Steve Chen, who posted a video of his cat called "Pajamas and Nick Drake".
The first commercial typewriters were introduced in 1874, but did not become common in offices until after the mid-1880s.
The first free-standing buildings to be devoted to East Asian Studies in the United States, the Library is open after completion and dedication in October 2007.
The first game was played in Toronto, Ontario, Canada between the Toronto Huskies and New York Knickerbockers on November 1, 1946.
The first national championship for NCAA teams, the National Invitation Tournament (NIT) in New York, was organized in 1938; the NCAA national tournament would begin one year later.
The first of these came in a controversial final game in Munich in 1972 against the Soviet Union, in which the ending of the game was replayed three times until the Soviet Union finally came out on top.
The first official game was played in the YMCA gymnasium in Albany, New York, on January 20, 1892, with nine players.
The first pro league, the National Basketball League, was formed in 1898 to protect players from exploitation and to promote a less rough game.
The first school colors, established in 1873 by a committee of students, were Blue (specifically Yale Blue) and Gold.
The following tables are based on the classification of the species Panthera tigris provided in Mammal Species of the World.
The four-year, full-time undergraduate program has a focus on the arts and sciences with a high level of co-existence in undergraduate and graduate programs.
The franchise adopted its brand name Golden State Warriors prior to the 1971-72 season, in order to suggest that the team represented the entire state of California.
The game against the defending Super Bowl champion Miami Dolphins was moved from the Raiders' regular home, the Oakland Coliseum, because of a scheduling conflict with the Oakland Athletics, who hosted the Minnesota Twins at the Coliseum the following night.
The game is controlled by the officials consisting of the referee (referred to as crew chief in the NBA), one or two umpires (referred to as referees in the NBA) and the table officials.
The generation of teleprinters with impact pin-based printing engines was not adequate for the demanding quality required for typed output, and alternative thermal transfer technologies used in thermal label printers had become technically feasible for typewriters.
The generic name Panthera is traceable to the classical Latin word 'panthera' and the ancient Greek word panther 'panther'.
The group consists of a half-dozen performers who use typewriters as percussive musical instruments, under the slogan, "The revolution will be typewritten".
The hall was inspired and named after Paul Jacobs, UC Berkeley alumnus, philanthropist, and also the executive chair of Qualcomm Inc.
The handler is basically the point guard of the game, their in control of setting plays on the offensive end and helps a little on defensive end as well.
The hang time is the length of time a player stays in the air after jumping, either to make a slam dunk, lay-up or jump shot.
The head and neck are the most common parts of the body licked; this behaviour may have arisen out of utility because lions cannot lick these areas themselves.
The health of the hunters is the primary need for the survival of the pride; hunters are the first to consume the prey at the site it is taken.
The high level of similarity among the metabolism of mammals allows many of these feline diseases to be diagnosed using genetic tests that were originally developed for use in humans, as well as the use of cats as animal models in the study of the human diseases.
The hormone testosterone has been linked to mane growth; castrated lions often have little to no mane because the removal of the gonads inhibits testosterone production.
The hunter who killed the lions wrote a book detailing the animals' predatory behaviour; they were larger than normal and lacked manes, and one seemed to suffer from tooth decay.
The ideal trajectory of the shot is somewhat controversial, but generally a proper arc is recommended.
The image features a kitten (subsequently referred to as "Cliche Kitty") being chased by two Domos, and has the tagline "Please, think of the kittens".
The immediately surrounding community offers apartments, Greek (fraternity and sorority) housing and cooperative housing, twenty of which are houses that are members of the Berkeley Student Cooperative.
The incidents occurred near Selous National Park in Rufiji District and in Lindi Province near the Mozambican border.
The index typewriter's niche appeal however soon disappeared, as on the one hand new keyboard typewriters became lighter and more portable and on the other refurbished second hand machines began to become available.
The installation of the temporary press box brought the stadium's capacity down to 73,347 and then down to 72,516 for the 2004 season.
The institute is now widely regarded as a leading center for collaborative mathematical research, drawing thousands of visiting researchers from around the world each year.
The internet has been described as a "virtual cat park, a social space for cat lovers in the same way that dog lovers congregate at a dog park".
The killing of cats in Medieval Ypres, Belgium, is commemorated in the innocuous present-day Kattenstoet (cat parade).
The large campus-wide commencement, however, was cancelled in 1970 because of the many protests that were taking place at the time--university officials at the time did not see it wise to have such a large gathering annually with the protests going on.
The last position the gunner is the one that does most of the scoring and all also helps out on the defensive end.
The last refuge of the Asiatic lion population is the 1,412 km2 (545 sq mi) Gir National Park and surrounding areas in the region of Saurashtra or Kathiawar Peninsula in Gujarat State, India.
The last widely available western index machine was the Mignon typewriter produced by AEG which was produced until 1934.
The league commenced in 1979, playing a winter season (April-September) and did so until the completion of the 20th season in 1998.
The leopard-lion clade was distributed in the Asian and African Palearctic since at least the Early Pliocene.
The liger is bigger than a lion and a tiger, whereas most tigons are relatively small compared to their parents because of reciprocal gene effects.
The likelihood that a person will become diseased depends on the age and immune status of the person.
The lion (Panthera leo) is a species in the family Felidae; it is a muscular, deep-chested cat with a short, rounded head, a reduced neck and round ears, and a hairy tuft at the end of its tail.
The lion dance is a traditional dance in Chinese culture in which performers in lion costumes mimic a lion's movements, often with musical accompaniment from cymbals, drums and gongs.
The lion has been depicted as "king of the jungle" and "king of beasts", and thus became a popular symbol for royalty and stateliness.
The lion is a generalist hypercarnivore and is considered to be both an apex and keystone predator due to its wide prey spectrum.
The lion is an apex and keystone predator, although some lions scavenge when opportunities occur, and have been known to hunt humans, although the species typically does not.
The lion is the most social of all wild felid species, living in groups of related individuals with their offspring.
The lion population in Pakistan India once ranged from Sind and Punjab to Bengal and the Narmada River in Central India.
The lion prefers grassy plains and savannahs, scrub bordering rivers and open woodlands with bushes.
The lion's attack is short and powerful; they attempt to catch prey with a fast rush and final leap.
The lion's closest relatives are the other species of the genus Panthera, namely tiger, snow leopard, jaguar, and leopard.
The lion's role as king of the beasts has been used in the Disney animated feature film The Lion King.
The local maharaja started breeding tigers in the early 1950s and kept a white male tiger together with its normal-coloured daughter; they had white cubs.
The location was selected after an original proposal to construct the arena on Piers 30 and 32, just south of the Bay Bridge, met with vocal opposition due to concerns about traffic, environmental impacts and obstruction of views.
The main North American league is the WNBA (NCAA Women's Division I Basketball Championship is also popular), whereas strongest European clubs participate in the EuroLeague Women.
The main differences from the parent sport is the court; below the padded basketball rim and backboard are four trampolines set into the floor, which serve to propel players to great heights for slam dunks.
The main purpose of the mane is thought be the protection of the neck and throat in territorial fights with rivals.
The major obstacle in preserving the species is the enormous territory individual tigers require (up to 450 km2 needed by a single female and more for a single male).
The majority of rebounds are defensive, as the team on defense tends to be in better position to recover missed shots.
The male or males associated with the pride must defend their relationship with the pride from outside males who may attempt to usurp them.
The match, played before a sold-out crowd of 62,583, ended in a 1-1 tie after regulation and Inter Milan won the shootout 3-2.
The minimum string distance (MSD) is the number of "primitives" which is the number of insertions, deletions, or substitutions to transform one string into another.
The most aggressive disputes tend to occur between two males when a female is in oestrus, and sometimes resulted in the death of one of the males.
The most anticipated sporting event between the two universities is the annual football game dubbed the Big Game, and it is celebrated with spirit events on both campuses.
The most common peaceful, tactile gestures are head rubbing and social licking, which have been compared with the role of allogrooming among primates.
The most crowd-pleasing and typically highest-percentage accuracy shot is the slam dunk, in which the player jumps very high and throws the ball downward, through the basket while touching it.
The most serious effort was the National Interscholastic Basketball Tournament at the University of Chicago from 1917 to 1930.
The movie Born Free features Elsa the lioness and is based on the non-fiction book with the same title.
The myth is attributed to the natural suppleness and swiftness cats exhibit to escape life-threatening situations.
The new location, which still faced some vocal opposition in San Francisco, eliminated the need for voter approval as required with the original site.
The new stadium was located much closer to the center of campus (where Hearst Gymnasium now stands) and was able to draw unprecedented crowds for the time.
The newspaper is an important source of information for students, faculty, staff, and the surrounding City of Berkeley.
The next game, the Warriors defeated the visiting Lakers, 111-77 to win their 16th straight win to open a season.
The north fork appears just east of University House and runs through the glade north of the Valley Life Sciences Building, the original site of the Campus Arboretum.
The number of participants in a game, or a run, may range from one defender and one person on offense (known as one on one) to two full teams of five each.
The numbers of feral cats is not known, but estimates of the United States feral population range from twenty-five to sixty million.
The object of the game is to outscore one's opponents by throwing the ball through the opponents' basket from above while preventing the opponents from doing so on their own.
The objective of rebounding is to successfully gain possession of the basketball after a missed field goal or free throw, as it rebounds from the hoop or backboard.
The objective of the game is just like any sport you have to score points by getting the ball into the basket, this is mostly done by the player using the trampoline to go fly high in the air to come down with slam dunk.
The obvious use for this was to allow letter keys to type both upper and lower case, but normally the number keys were also duplexed, allowing access to special symbols such as percent (%) and ampersand (&).
The oldest consulting group on campus is Berkeley Consulting, founded in 1996, which has served over 140 companies across technology, retail, banking, and non-profit sectors.
The only essential equipment in a basketball game is the ball and the court: a flat, rectangular surface with baskets at opposite ends.
The only time the cannon ran out of ammunition was during a game against Pacific in 1991, when Cal scored 12 touchdowns.
The opening title sequence of Murder, She Wrote prominently features Jessica Fletcher touch-typing a manuscript with a 1940s Royal KMM Manual Typewriter.
The opinion of the Post on cat behavior has been valued enough to be quoted in articles such as "Do Cats Smile?
The organization is nonpartisan and has brought a wide variety of speakers to campus, including Senator Rand Paul, entrepreneur and venture capitalist Peter Thiel, Khan Academy founder Salman Khan, and many others.
The organizations said they were concerned that the tournament was being used to recruit professional players from the prep ranks.
The origin of the English word 'cat', Old English catt, is thought to be the Late Latin word cattus, which was first used at the beginning of the 6th century.
The pace of change was so rapid that it was common for clerical staff to have to learn several new systems, one after the other, in just a few years.
The paper, rolled around the typewriter's platen, was then advanced vertically by the carriage-return lever (at the far left, or on the far right for left handed typewriters) into position for each new line of text.
The people collected the embers and ashes of the fire and took them home, believing that they brought good luck.
The photos show a male Amur tiger pass by, followed by a female and three cubs within the span of about two minutes.
The piece was later made famous by comedian Jerry Lewis as part of his regular routine both on screen and stage, most notably in the 1963 film Who's Minding the Store?.
The platen was mounted on a carriage that moved left or right, automatically advancing the typing position horizontally after each character was typed.
The pointer is mechanically linked so that the letter chosen could then be printed, most often by the activation of a lever.
The practice began in the early 19th century by Frenchman Henri Martin and American Isaac Van Amburgh, who both toured widely and whose techniques were copied by a number of followers.
The premolar and first molar together compose the carnassial pair on each side of the mouth, which efficiently shears meat into small pieces, like a pair of scissors.
The presence, absence, colour and size of the mane are associated with genetic precondition, sexual maturity, climate and testosterone production; the rule of thumb is that a darker, fuller mane indicates a healthier animal.
The project was credited with tripling the number of wild Bengal tigers from some 1,200 in 1973 to over 3,500 in the 1990s, but a 2007 census showed that numbers had dropped back to about 1,400 tigers because of poaching.
The reasons for the development of sociality in lionesses - the most pronounced in any cat species - are the subject of much debate.
The referee is responsible for judging whether contact is illegal, sometimes resulting in controversy.
The researcher behind the survey explained "If we want to better understand the effects the Internet may have on us as individuals and on society, then researchers can't ignore Internet cats anymore" and "consumption of online cat-related media deserves empirical attention".
The result is that each typebar could type two different characters, cutting the number of keys and typebars in half (and simplifying the internal mechanisms considerably).
The resulting model shows a contiguous tiger range from southern India to Siberia at the Last Glacial Maximum, indicating an unobstructed gene flow between tiger populations in mainland Asia throughout the Late Pleistocene and Holocene.
The roughly $18-million interest-only annual payments on the debt consumes 20 percent of Cal's athletics' budget; principal repayment begins in 2032 and is scheduled to conclude in 2113.
The sale was finalized in October 2015 and naming rights were sold to JPMorgan Chase for the arena to be called the Chase Center.
The same year, Mount Holyoke and Sophie Newcomb College (coached by Clara Gregory Baer) women began playing basketball.
The school's response to tree sitters protesting construction caused controversy in the local community.
The sculpture has been dated to least 32,000 years old - and as early as 40,000 years ago -  and originated from the Aurignacian culture.
The seals of several Chola copper coins show the tiger, the Pandyan emblem fish and the Chera emblem bow, indicating that the Cholas had achieved political supremacy over the latter two dynasties.
The second is WebTEM that runs on any device with a modern Web browser, and works with almost all text entry technique.
The second-half performance by the Warriors' All-Star point guard Sleepy Floyd still stands as the NBA playoff record for points scored in a quarter (29) and in a half (39).
The sellout crowd of 63,186 watched the Nevada Wolf Pack spoil the grand re-opening with a 31-24 victory, Cal's first loss to Nevada at home since before the original stadium opened in 1923.
The set shot is taken from a standing position, with neither foot leaving the floor, typically used for free throws, and in other circumstances while the jump shot is taken in mid-air, the ball released near the top of the jump.
The shooting arm, fully extended with the wrist fully bent, is held stationary for a moment following the release of the ball, known as a follow-through.
The site was founded by Koos Plegt and Paul Neve in 2006, and became widely known after being featured on several television programmes across Europe and Australia.
The social behavior of the domestic cat ranges from widely dispersed individuals to feral cat colonies that gather around a food source, based on groups of co-operating females.
The south fork enters a culvert upstream of the recreational complex at the mouth of Strawberry Canyon and passes beneath California Memorial Stadium before appearing again in Faculty Glade.
The speed of an Afrikaans-speaking operator in Cape Town can be compared with a French-speaking operator in Paris.
The sport is now promoted in South Africa, Namibia, Botswana, Lesotho, India, and Mauritius to establish Ringball as an international sport.
The stadium was originally dedicated to the memory of those Californians that were lost in World War I, and on October 6, 2012, the university rededicated California Memorial Stadium in the memory of all Californians who sacrificed their lives in service to the nation.
The standard trick for solving this problem was photocopying the corrected page, but this was possible only with high quality photocopiers.
The stands in the original stadium descended right down to the football field, and the view from the lowest midfield seats on the west side could be blocked by the standing visiting team members.
The states of Illinois, Indiana and Kentucky are particularly well known for their residents' devotion to high school basketball, commonly called Hoosier Hysteria in Indiana; the critically acclaimed film Hoosiers shows high school basketball's depth of meaning to these communities.
The story has no origin in early Muslim writers, and seems to confuse a story of a later Sufi saint, Ahmed ar-Rifa'i, centuries after Muhammad.
The strategies seek to maintain suitable habitat, ensure a sufficient wild prey base for lions, reduce factors that lead to further fragmentation of populations, and make lion-human coexistence sustainable.
The strategy used depends on the prey species in the area, with cats waiting in ambush outside burrows, but tending to actively stalk birds.
The surface of the field was lowered four feet to improve the view from the lowest midfield seats on the west side, which previously were blocked by standing visiting team members.
The synchronisation of births is advantageous because the cubs grow to being roughly the same size and have an equal chance of survival, and sucklings are not dominated by older cubs.
The system included a computer-driven input station to capture the key strokes on magnetic tape and insert the operator's format commands, and a Composer unit to read the tape and produce the formatted text for photo reproduction.
The table officials are responsible for keeping track of each teams scoring, timekeeping, individual and team fouls, player substitutions, team possession arrow, and the shot clock.
The team finished the season with a record of 47-35, earning the sixth seed in the Western Conference, and defeated the Denver Nuggets in the first round of the playoffs by winning four out of six games.
The team made a series of other moves, trading Dorell Wright, obtaining point guard Jarrett Jack, and signing forward Carl Landry.
The team ranked first in defensive efficiency for the season and second in offensive efficiency, barely missing the mark that the Julius Erving-led Sixers achieved by being first in both offensive and defensive efficiency.
The team returned to championship glory in 2015, led by Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, and Draymond Green; they won again in 2017 and 2018, with the help of former MVP Kevin Durant.
The team struggled in the 1980s, then became playoff regulars at the turn of the decade with stars Tim Hardaway, Mitch Richmond, and Chris Mullin, nicknamed "Run TMC".
The team with the most points at the end of the game wins, but if regulation play expires with the score tied, an additional period of play (overtime) is mandated.
The team's opponent was the Cleveland Cavaliers, who would later go on to face the Warriors in each of the next three consecutive NBA Finals.
The term "cat nap" for a short rest refers to the cat's tendency to fall asleep (lightly) for a brief period.
The term originated when such compound documents were created using manual paste up techniques for typographic page layout.
The tiger (Panthera tigris) is the largest species among the Felidae and classified in the genus Panthera.
The tiger has a muscular body with powerful forelimbs, a large head and a tail that is about half the length of its body.
The tiger historically ranged from eastern Turkey and Transcaucasia to the coast of the Sea of Japan, and from South Asia across Southeast Asia to the Indonesian islands of Sumatra, Java and Bali.
The tiger is one of only a few striped cat species; it is not known why spotted patterns and rosettes are the more common camouflage pattern among felids.
The tiger mates all year round, but most cubs are born between March and June, with a second peak in September.
The tiger once ranged widely from the Eastern Anatolia Region in the west to the Amur River basin, and in the south from the foothills of the Himalayas to Bali in the Sunda islands.
The tiger populations on the Sunda Islands and mainland Asia were possibly separated during interglacial periods.
The tiger subfossils showed longitudinal fracture of the cortical bone due to weathering, which suggests that they had post-mortem been exposed to light and air.
The tiger's closest living relatives were previously thought to be the Panthera species lion, leopard and jaguar.
The tiger's skull is similar to a lion's skull, with the frontal region usually less depressed or flattened, and a slightly longer postorbital region.
The tigers of the Sunda islands are smaller and less heavy than tigers in mainland Asia, rarely exceeding 142 kg (313 lb) in weight.
The tilde character (~), never seen in isolation in metal typesetting, became a separate character in ASCII as a direct result of its use on dead keys for Spanish and Portuguese (see Tilde#Role of mechanical typewriters).
The title track of Heernt's 2006 album Locked in a Basement prominently features the typewriter as a percussion instrument.
The tools that they develop for that (such as Facebook, Flickr, Blogger, Twitter, and similar platforms) are very useful to social movement activists, who may lack resources to develop dedicated tools themselves.
The trade in tiger skins peaked in the 1960s, just before international conservation efforts took effect.
The traditional erasing method involved the use of a special typewriter eraser made of hard rubber that contained an abrasive material.
The traditional role comes from students holding megaphones and yelling, but now includes microphones, a dedicated platform during games, and the direction of the entire student section.
The two plays are combined in the pick and roll, in which a player sets a pick and then "rolls" away from the pick towards the basket.
The tyger, a depiction of tigers as they were understood by European artists, is among the creatures used in charges and supporters in European heraldry.
The typeball design had many advantages, especially the elimination of "jams" (when more than one key was struck at once and the typebars became entangled) and in the ability to change the typeball, allowing multiple fonts to be used in a single document.
The typeball moved laterally in front of the paper, instead of the previous designs using a platen-carrying carriage moving the paper across a stationary print position.
The typebars of "normal" characters struck a rod as they moved the metal character desired toward the ribbon and platen, and each rod depression moved the platen forward the width of one character.
The typewriter quickly became an indispensable tool for practically all writing other than personal handwritten correspondence.
The ultimate proof of a tamer's dominance and control over a lion is demonstrated by the placing of the tamer's head in the lion's mouth.
The university encourages green purchasing when possible and installing energy-efficient technologies.
The university has been accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges Senior College and University Commission since 1949.
The university incurred a controversial $445 million of debt for the stadium and a new $153-million student athletic center, which it planned to finance with the sale of special stadium endowment seats.
The university is one of only two UC campuses operating on a semester calendar (the other is UC Merced).
The university offers Master of Art, Master of Science, Master of Fine Art, and PhD degrees in addition to professional degrees such as the Juris Doctor, Master of Business Administration and Master of Design.
The use of cat images is a reference to the Level 4 state of emergency: the French word for the number 4, quatre, is pronounced similarly to the word cat in English.
The use of tiger parts in pharmaceutical drugs in China is already banned, and the government has made some offences in connection with tiger poaching punishable by death.
The video first appeared on the Internet in 2006 during a compilation video on YouTube featuring cats producing human-like sounds, and other standalone videos were later uploaded.
The video merged a Japanese pop song with an animated cartoon cat with the body of a Pop-Tart, flying through space, and leaving a rainbow trail behind it.
The videos include title cards in English and Japanese setting up and describing the events, and often show Maru playing in cardboard boxes, indicated by "I love a box!"
The white lion is a rare morph with a genetic condition called leucism that is caused by a double recessive allele.
The white tiger lacks pheomelanin (which creates the orange colour), and has dark sepia-brown stripes and blue eyes.
The whole point of the exercise was to create so-called "camera-ready copy" which existed only to be photographed and then printed, usually by offset lithography.
The widely reproduced imagery of the heroic hunter chasing lions would dominate a large part of the century.
The winner was Frenchman Emile Benard, however he refused to personally supervise the implementation of his plan and the task was subsequently given to architecture professor John Galen Howard.
The winning streak was the longest for the franchise since the 1975 championship year, and fell just one win short of the team record of 11 consecutive wins.
The word "typewriter" is often cited as the longest English word that can be typed using only one row of keys of a QWERTY keyboard.
The word may be derived from Germanic and Northern European languages, and ultimately be borrowed from Uralic, cf.
The writings were typed completely in lower case, because of the cockroach's inability to generate the heavy force needed to operate the shift key.
The C/ symbol (meaning cents) was located above the number 6 on electric typewriters, while ASCII computer keyboards have ^ instead.
Their body language, including position of ears and tail, relaxation of the whole body, and kneading of the paws, are all indicators of mood.
Their record-setting start ended when they were defeated by the Milwaukee Bucks on December 12, 2015.
Then known as Bleacher Stunts, they were first performed during the 1910 Big Game and consisted of two stunts: a picture of the Stanford Axe and a large blue "C" on a white background.
Then, in 1875, the well-known "tall model" was patented, which was the first of the writing balls that worked without electricity.
Then-president Sproul assumed presidency of the entire University of California system, and Clark Kerr became the first Chancellor of UC Berkeley.
Theodore Kaczynski, the Unabomber, wrote his manifesto as well as his letters on a manual typewriter.
There are 1,620 full-time and 500 part-time faculty members among more than 130 academic departments and more than 80 interdisciplinary research units.
There are a number of rules that are particular to unicycle basketball as well, for example, a player must have at least one foot on a pedal when in-bounding the ball.
There are even specialized entertainment teams, such as teams of celebrities, people with short heights and others.
There are limits placed on the steps a player may take without dribbling, which commonly results in an infraction known as traveling.
There are many a cappella groups on campus, including Drawn to Scale, Artists in Resonance, Berkeley Dil Se, the UC Men's Octet, the California Golden Overtones, and Noteworthy.
There are many idiosyncratic typing styles in between novice-style "hunt and peck" and touch typing.
There are principal basketball sports with variations on basketball including Wheelchair basketball, Water basketball, Beach basketball, Slamball, Streetball and Unicycle basketball.
There are two categories of rebounds: offensive rebounds, in which the ball is recovered by the offensive side and does not change possession, and defensive rebounds, in which the defending team gains possession of the loose ball.
There are two different roars: the "true" roar is made using the hyoid apparatus and forced through an open mouth as it progressively closes, and the shorter, harsher "coughing" roar is made with the mouth open and teeth exposed.
There is a lot of people that when they hear "correctional facility" think about men behind bars and playing card and lifting weights in the yard.
There is a notable sexual dimorphism between males and females, with the latter being consistently smaller than males.
There is a second category of fouls called technical fouls, which may be charged for various rules violations including failure to properly record a player in the scorebook, or for unsportsmanlike conduct.
There is also the disadvantage that because fewer fingers are used, those that are used are forced to move a much greater distance.
There is even a book entitled How to Make Your Cat an Internet Celebrity: A Guide to Financial Freedom.
There is even a form played on donkeys known as Donkey basketball, but that version has come under attack from animal rights groups.
There is no obvious way to combine KSPC and MSD into an overall error rate, even though they have an inverse relationship.
There was a new law in 1983 that required any owner of a typewriter needed to get police permission to buy or keep, they would have to register a type sample of letters and numbers to ensure that any illegal literature typed with it could be traced back to its source.
There were also protests from homeowners whose homes would be demolished, as well as those whose views would be blocked by the building.
There were hundreds of men's professional basketball teams in towns and cities all over the United States, and little organization of the professional game.
There were many noticeable differences between the new, more modern stadium and the old stadium that closed in 2010.
There were minor variations from one manufacturer to another, but most typewriters followed the concept that each key was attached to a typebar that had the corresponding letter molded, in reverse, into its striking head.
Therefore, games generally take much longer to complete than the allotted game time, typically about two hours.
These acts eclipsed equestrianism acts as the central display of circus shows and entered public consciousness in the early 20th century with cinema.
These are most commonly committed by defensive players; however, they can be committed by offensive players as well.
These are vital in feeding, since cats' small molars cannot chew food effectively, and cats are largely incapable of mastication.
These blocks can move independently from the rest of the stadium and were built on top of three feet of sand and plastic sheets.
These characters were omitted to simplify design and reduce manufacturing and maintenance costs; they were chosen specifically because they were "redundant" and could be recreated using other keys.
These deities were often connected with the sun god Ra and his fierce heat, and their dangerous power was invoked to guard people or sacred places.
These infractions result in one or two free throws, which may be taken by any of the five players on the court at the time.
These machines also introduced selectable "pitch" so that the typewriter could be switched between pica type (10 characters per inch) and elite type (12 per inch), even within one document.
These machines, and similar products from other manufacturers, used a separate correction ribbon and a character memory.
These moves saw the rise of Stephen Curry and David Lee to team co-captains, and saw Thompson move into a starting role.
These often incorporated keyboards from existing models of typewriters and printing mechanisms of dot-matrix printers.
These provide information on the width of gaps and on the location of objects in the dark, both by touching objects directly and by sensing air currents; they also trigger protective blink reflexes to protect the eyes from damage.
These round balls from "association football" were made, at the time, with a set of laces to close off the hole needed for inserting the inflatable bladder after the other sewn-together segments of the ball's cover had been flipped outside-in.
These territories are marked by urine spraying, by rubbing objects at head height with secretions from facial glands, and by defecation.
These traits include their small size, social nature, obvious body language, love of play and relatively high intelligence.
These typewriters were sometimes called display typewriters, dedicated word processors or word-processing typewriters, though the latter term was also frequently applied to less sophisticated machines that featured only a tiny, sometimes just single-row display.
These were originally to include a huge domed auditorium, a museum, an art school, and a women's gymnasium, all arranged on an eastward esplanade and classically oriented towards the campanile.
They also host Roundtable Live, a half-hour pre-game show leading up to the broadcast of select Golden State home games, and also do postgame analysis.
They also introduced a modernized version of their "The City" logo depicting the new eastern span of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge, and switched to a simplified color scheme of royal blue and gold.
They are also considered one of the charismatic megafauna, and are used as the face of conservation campaigns worldwide.
They are also ranked among the biggest cats that have ever existed reaching weights of more than 350 kg (770 lb).
They are associated with the Egyptian deity Sekhmet and date to the early Iron Age between the 9th and 6th centuries BC.
They are considered an ambassador species and are kept for tourism, education and conservation purposes.
They are one of only two multiple time champions of the ICCA, having won the championship in both 1998 and 2000.
They are performed at Chinese New Year, the August Moon Festival and other celebratory occasions for good luck.
They began scheduling more home games in Oakland with the opening of the Oakland Coliseum Arena in 1966 and the 1970-71 season would be the team's last as the San Francisco Warriors.
They can be surgically sterilized (spayed or castrated) as early as seven weeks to limit unwanted reproduction.
They establish territories that vary considerably in size, in one study ranging from 7 to 28 hectares (17-69 acres).
They eventually waived the injured Bell to sign Williams for the rest of the year and finished the season 26-56, failing to make the playoffs.
They found her at the kill just after dawn with her three 14-month-old cubs, and they watched uninterrupted for the next ten hours.
They generally hunt alone and ambush their prey as most other cats do, overpowering them from any angle, using their body size and strength to knock the prey off balance.
They generally last no longer than one minute (100 seconds in the NBA) unless, for televised games, a commercial break is needed.
They have a mane-like heavy growth of fur around the neck and jaws and long whiskers, especially in males.
They have also won 19 Wolf Prizes, 45 MacArthur Fellowships, 20 Academy Awards, 19 Pulitzer Prizes, and 207 Olympic medals.
They have reportedly been bred in camps in South Africa for use as trophies to be killed during canned hunts.
They make short ventures with their mother, although they do not travel with her as she roams her territory until they are older.
They may also vocalize loudly and bare their teeth in an effort to further intimidate their opponent.
They may extend their claws in hunting or self-defense, climbing, kneading, or for extra traction on soft surfaces.
They persist in three protected areas in the region, mostly in one population in the W A P protected area complex, shared by Benin, Burkina Faso and Niger.
They posted a record of 522 wins and only 20 losses over that span, as they met any team that wanted to challenge them, funding their tours from gate receipts.
They select food based on its temperature, smell and texture; they dislike chilled foods and respond most strongly to moist foods rich in amino acids, which are similar to meat.
They sent Tim Hardaway and Chris Gatling to the Miami Heat for Kevin Willis and Bimbo Coles midway through the 1995-96 season, and ended up with a 36-46 record, three wins short of making the playoffs.
They separate from their mother at the age of two to two and a half years, but continue to grow until the age of five years.
They soon begin to immerse themselves in the pride life, however, playing among themselves or attempting to initiate play with the adults.
They take advantage of factors that reduce visibility; many kills take place near some form of cover or at night.
They tend to be quieter than the southside complexes but often get free glimpses of concerts owing to their proximity to the theater.
They tend to roar in a very characteristic manner starting with a few deep, long roars that subside into a series of shorter ones.
They traded disenchanted forward Al Harrington to the New York Knicks for guard Jamal Crawford, and were undone by injuries and the minimal experience of their young players such as Anthony Morrow and Brandan Wright.
They usually avoid fully grown adult elephants, rhinoceroses and hippopotamus, as well as small prey like dik-dik, hyrax, hare and monkey.
They were not easy to operate, but professional typists used them for a long time until the development of electronic word processors and laser printers in the 1980s.
They were the first team in NBA playoff history to start the playoffs 12-0, defeating the Trail Blazers, the Jazz, and the Spurs in consecutive series.
They were upset, however, by the 42-40 Phoenix Suns in seven games in the Western Conference Finals.
This allows them to edit their document without having to take their hands off the keyboard to use a mouse.
This altered pigmentation is caused by a mutant gene that is inherited as an autosomal recessive trait, which is determined by a white locus.
This amount is estimated to be approximately 60 percent of the total expenses or $200 million with the remaining expenses still being retained by the athletic department.
This behavior mimics hunting and is important in helping kittens learn to stalk, capture, and kill prey.
This cat and mouse behavior is due to an instinctive imperative to ensure that the prey is weak enough to be killed without endangering the cat.
This competition has usually been dominated by the United States, whose team has won all but three titles.
This copy was then cut out with knives and rulers, and slid into position on layout sheets on slanting layout tables.
This creature has several notable differences from real tigers, including absent stripes, a leonine tufted tail, and a head terminating in large, pointed jaws.
This device remotely printed letters and numbers on a stream of paper tape from input generated by a specially designed typewriter at the other end of a telegraph line.
This differed from the use of these terms in printing, where "pica" is a linear unit (approximately  1/6 of an inch) used for any measurement, the most common one being the height of a type face.
This eliminates frequent up and down motions with the head and is used in typing competitions in which the typist is not well versed in touch typing.
This enabled the keys to hit the paper unobstructed, and was used for cutting stencils for stencil duplicators (aka mimeograph machines).
This facilitated the typing of columns of numbers, freeing the operator from the need to manually position the carriage.
This game is very popular in places like Europe and Australia, this intense game is full of contact just like football the trampolines are embedded in the floor around the baskets.
This hybridization poses a danger to the genetic distinctiveness of some wildcat populations, particularly in Scotland and Hungary and possibly also the Iberian Peninsula.
This hypothesis is inconsistent with the fact that male cats also bring home prey, despite males having negligible involvement in raising kittens.
This incorporated a thin layer of material that prevented ink from penetrating and was relatively soft and easy to remove from the page.
This is a common measurement for typing programs, or typing tutors, as it can give a more accurate measure of a person's typing speed without having to type for a prolonged period of time.
This is done primarily to determine 1) the make and/or model of the typewriter used to produce a document, or 2) whether or not a particular suspect typewriter might have been used to produce a document.
This is not as easy as reading text from a page as the ribbon does not include spaces, but can be done, giving every typewriter a "memory".
This is not due to skin pigmentation, but to the stubble and hair follicles embedded in the skin, similar to human beards (colloquially five o'clock shadow), and is in common with other big cats.
This is partly the result of cat eyes having a tapetum lucidum, which reflects any light that passes through the retina back into the eye, thereby increasing the eye's sensitivity to dim light.
This is untrue, since "rupturewort" (a kind of flowering plant) has 11 letters, while "typewriter" has only 10.
This keeps the claws sharp by preventing wear from contact with the ground and allows the silent stalking of prey.
This key physically "shifted" either the basket of typebars, in which case the typewriter is described as "basket shift", or the paper-holding carriage, in which case the typewriter is described as "carriage shift".
This latter technology actually lifted the carbon film forming a typed letter, leaving nothing more than a flattened depression in the surface of the paper, with the advantage that no color matching of the paper was needed.
This proposal was eventually rejected and the regents settled on a site at the mouth of Strawberry Canyon.
This provides much greater power and range, and it also allows the player to elevate over the defender.
This response is also produced by other plants, such as silver vine (Actinidia polygama) and the herb valerian; it may be caused by the smell of these plants mimicking a pheromone and stimulating cats' social or sexual behaviors.
This shot requires the player to be in motion toward the basket, and to "lay" the ball "up" and into the basket, typically off the backboard (the backboard-free, underhand version is called a finger roll).
This site now has more than 100 million views per month and has "created a whole new form of internet speak".
This special feature of the front paws, on the inside of the wrists has no function in normal walking, but is thought to be an antiskidding device used while jumping.
This trade allowed the Warriors to "run and gun" their way to the playoffs with a more athletic and talented team.
This typewriter convention is still sometimes used today, even though modern computer word processing applications can input the correct en and em dashes for each font type.
This typewriter, still on its bookshelf, is kept in Finca Vigia, Hemingway's Havana house (now a museum), where he lived until 1960, the year before his death.
This unnamed cat, first seen in a video shown on America's Funniest Home Videos, became famous for its growling resembling human speech.
This unprecedented competition came about from one-upmanship between the prominent Hearst and Stanford families of the Bay Area.
This was a borrowing of Classical Greek tigris 'tigris', a foreign borrowing of unknown origin meaning 'tiger' as well as the river Tigris.
This was eventually achieved with various ingenious mechanical designs and so-called "visible typewriters" which used frontstriking, in which the typebars struck forward against the front side of the platen, became standard.
This was the first playoff experience for all of the starters of this group except for Andrew Bogut.
This, besides the evidence for cuts on the bones, and the use of fire, suggests that early humans had accumulated the bones, and the condition of the tiger subfossils, dated to approximately 12,000 to 9,000 years ago, differed from other fossils in the assemblage, dated to the Upper Paleolithic.
This, coupled with the fact that it lives in some of the more densely populated places on Earth, has caused significant conflicts with humans.
This, in turn, makes the activists more immune to reprisals by governments than if they were using a dedicated activism platform, because shutting down a popular public platform provokes a larger public outcry than shutting down an obscure one.
This, together with the placement of the letters so that the fastest writing fingers struck the most frequently used letters, made the Hansen Writing Ball the first typewriter to produce text substantially faster than a person could write by hand.
Those who play this game are sometimes referred to as General Managers, who draft actual NBA players and compute their basketball statistics.
Though it had shaky attendance figures, several marquee players (Lisa Leslie, Diana Taurasi, and Candace Parker among others) have helped the league's popularity and level of competition.
Though tiger hunting was prohibited in 1977, the population continued to decline and is considered extinct in southern China since 2001.
Three seasons later, in 1949, the BAA merged with the National Basketball League (NBL) to form the National Basketball Association (NBA).
Three years later, the first FIBA World Championship for women, now known as the FIBA Women's Basketball World Cup, was held in Chile.
Three-hour final examinations are required in most undergraduate classes and take place over a week following the last day of instruction in mid-December for the Fall semester and in mid-May for the Spring semester.
Through analysis of keystrokes, the keystrokes of the input stream were divided into four classes: Correct (C), Incorrect Fixed (IF), Fixes (F), and Incorrect Not Fixed (INF).
Through its Office of Sustainability and Energy, UC Berkeley works to implement sustainability initiatives on campus.
Through the use of this algorithm and accompanying analysis technique, two statistics were used, minimum string distance error rate (MSD error rate) and keystrokes per character (KSPC).
Thus, lions only run quickly in short bursts and need to be close to their prey before starting the attack.
Tiger cubs stay with their mother for about two years, before they become independent and leave their mother's home range to establish their own.
Tiger hunting took place on a large scale in the early 19th and 20th centuries, being a recognised and admired sport by the British in colonial India as well as the maharajas and aristocratic class of the erstwhile princely states of pre-independence India.
Tiger population have been estimated using plaster casts of their pugmarks, although this method was criticized as being inaccurate.
Tigers and their superlative qualities have been a source of fascination for mankind since ancient times, and they are routinely visible as important cultural and media motifs.
Tigers appear to inhabit the deep parts of a forest while smaller predators like leopards and dholes are pushed closer to the fringes.
Tigers are capable of taking down larger prey like adult gaur but will also opportunistically eat much smaller prey, such as monkeys, peafowl and other ground-based birds, hares, porcupines, and fish.
Tigers are thought to be mainly nocturnal predators, but in areas where humans are absent, remote-controlled, hidden camera traps recorded them hunting in daylight.
Tigers generally do not prey on fully grown adult Asian elephants and Indian rhinoceros but incidents have been reported.
Tigers have less impact on ungulate populations than do wolves, and are effective in controlling the latter's numbers.
Tigers reached India and northern Asia in the late Pleistocene, reaching eastern Beringia, Japan, and Sakhalin.
Tigers usually prefer to eat prey they have caught themselves, but are not above eating carrion in times of scarcity and may even pirate prey from other large carnivores.
To aid with navigation and sensation, cats have dozens of movable whiskers (vibrissae) over their body, especially their faces.
To compensate for the loss of Davis, the Warriors signed free agents Corey Maggette and Ronny Turiaf and re-signed Ellis and Andris Biedrins to long-term contracts.
To correct copies, typists had to go from carbon copy to carbon copy, trying not to get their fingers dirty as they leafed through the carbon papers, and moving and repositioning the eraser shield and eraser for each copy.
To dribble, a player pushes the ball down towards the ground with the fingertips rather than patting it; this ensures greater control.
To eliminate this problem, the surface of the field was lowered four feet to allow unobstructed seats in the first few rows during the 2010-12 renovation.
To extend the life of these products, many examples were provided with communication ports to connect them to computers as printers.
To facilitate typewriter use in business settings, a tab (tabulator) key was added in the late nineteenth century.
To make room under the salary cap, the Warriors traded Richard Jefferson, Andris Biedrins and Brandon Rush (along with multiple draft picks) to the Utah Jazz.
To overcome this limitation, users typically typed more than one adjacent hyphen to approximate these symbols.
To preserve this recessive trait, only a few white individuals were used in captive breeding, which led to a high degree of inbreeding.
To quote doctoral candidate Anna Feit: "We were surprised to observe that people who took a typing course, performed at similar average speed and accuracy, as those that taught typing to themselves and only used 6 fingers on average"
To solve this problem, more durable metal daisy wheels were made available (but at a slightly higher price).
To strengthen their underperforming bench, the Warriors made a three-team trade on January 15, sending Douglas to the Miami Heat and picking up guards Jordan Crawford and MarShon Brooks from the Boston Celtics.
To the west of the central campus is the downtown business district of Berkeley; to the northwest is the neighborhood of North Berkeley, including the so-called Gourmet Ghetto, a commercial district known for high quality dining due to the presence of such world-renowned restaurants as Chez Panisse.
Today the NBA is the top professional basketball league in the world in terms of popularity, salaries, talent, and level of competition.
Today virtually every high school in the United States fields a basketball team in varsity competition.
Today's tiger range is fragmented, stretching from Siberian temperate forests to subtropical and tropical forests on the Indian subcontinent and Sumatra.
Today, Berkeley is known as a lively campus with activism in many forms, from email petitions, presentations on Sproul Plaza and volunteering, to the occasional protest.
Today, the term "University of California" refers to the expanded statewide school system, of which Berkeley Campus is the original institution.
Together, Thompson and Curry combined for 484 threes on the year, besting by one the NBA record they had set the year before.
Tom Robbins waxed philosophical about the Remington SL3, a typewriter that he bought to write Still Life with Woodpecker.
Top international players began coming into the NBA in the mid-1990s, including Croatians Drazen Petrovic and Toni Kukoc, Serbian Vlade Divac, Lithuanians Arvydas Sabonis and Sarunas Marciulionis, Dutchman Rik Smits and German Detlef Schrempf.
Touch typing also involves the use of the home row method, where typists keep their wrists up, rather than resting them on a desk or keyboard (which can cause carpal tunnel syndrome).
Towards the end of the commercial popularity of typewriters in the 1970s, a number of hybrid designs combining features of printers were introduced.
Traditionally, during all football games and especially during the Big Game against Stanford, the hill overlooking the eastern side of Memorial Stadium attracts spectators hoping to watch a game for free, earning the nickname "Tightwad Hill".
Traditionally, this surgery was performed at around six to nine months of age, but it is increasingly being performed before puberty, at about three to six months.
Trophy hunting of lions in recent years has been met with controversy; notably with the killing of Cecil the lion in mid-2015.
Twardzik drafted several flops, such as Todd Fuller (while Kobe Bryant was still available as well as Steve Nash and Jermaine O'Neal) and Steve Logan (who never played an NBA game).
Two-finger typists, sometimes also referred to as "hunt and peck" typists, commonly reach sustained speeds of about 37 wpm for memorized text and 27 wpm when copying text, but in bursts may be able to reach speeds of 60 to 70 wpm.
Typewriter eraser brushes were necessary for clearing eraser crumbs and paper dust, and using the brush properly was an important element of typewriting skill; if erasure detritus fell into the typewriter, a small buildup could cause the typebars to jam in their narrow supporting grooves.
Typewriters were also made for East Asian languages with thousands of characters, such as Chinese or Japanese.
Typically, a typewriter has an array of keys, and each one causes a different single character to be produced on the paper, by means of a ribbon with dried ink struck against the paper by a type element similar to the sorts used in movable type letterpress printing.
Typically, team names, players' names and, outside of North America, sponsors are printed on the uniforms.
Typing is the process of writing or inputting text by pressing keys on a typewriter, computer keyboard, cell phone, or calculator.
Typists who trained on these machines learned the habit of using the lowercase letter l ("ell") for the digit 1, and the uppercase O for the zero.
Tyrrell hired Eddie Gottlieb, a longtime basketball promoter in the Philadelphia area, as coach and general manager.
UC Berkeley employs 24,700 people directly and employees are permitted to unionize and are represented by AFSCME, California Nurses Association (CNA), CUE-Teamsters Local 2010 (formerly the Coalition of University Employees (CUE)), UAW, UC-AFT, and UPTE.
UC Berkeley has a reputation for student activism, stemming from the 1960s and the Free Speech Movement.
UC Berkeley heats, cools, and powers its lab equipment with power from an on-campus natural gas plant.
UC Berkeley was also the #1 recipient of National Science Foundation Graduate Research Fellowships between 2001 and 2010, with 1,333 awards.
UC Berkeley's athletic teams date to this time are referred to as the California Golden Bears, Cal Bears, or just Cal.
UC Berkeley's efforts toward sustainability earned the school an overall grade of B+ on one sustainability report card.
UC Berkeley's student-run online television station, CalTV, was formed in 2005 and broadcasts online.
US population is only a little smaller than countries like Iceland, Estonia and Cyprus combined, so it was not a surprise that the US penal system has developed its own type of subculture.
USC Professor and UC Berkeley alumna Viet Thanh Nguyen's (PhD 1997) first novel The Sympathizer won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for FictionAlumni have also written novels and screenplays that have attracted Oscar-caliber talent, including The Call of the Wild author Jack London.
Under international rules it is illegal to block a shot that is in the downward path of its arc or one that has touched the backboard until the ball has hit the rim.
Underneath UC Berkeley's oldest buildings is a system of steam tunnels which carry steam for heat and power.
Unicycle basketball - Unicycle basketball is played using a regulation basketball on a regular basketball court with the same rules, for example, one must dribble the ball while riding.
Unicycle basketball is usually played using 24" or smaller unicycles, and using plastic pedals, both to preserve the court and the players' shins.
Units 1, 2 and 3, located on the south side of campus, offer high-rise accommodations with common areas on every other floor.
University-sanctioned fraternities and sororities comprise over 60 houses that are accredited to one of four Governing Councils, all under the umbrella organization of CalGreeks.
Unlike human arms, cat forelimbs are attached to the shoulder by free-floating clavicle bones which allow them to pass their body through any space into which they can fit their head.
Unlike male lions, male tigers allow females and cubs to feed on the kill before the male is finished with it; all involved generally seem to behave amicably, in contrast to the competitive behaviour shown by a lion pride.
Unlike most mammals, it uses a "pacing" gait and moves both legs on one side of the body before the legs on the other side.
Unlike the Selectrics and earlier models, these really were "electronic" and relied on integrated circuits and multiple electromechanical components.
Unrelated wandering male tigers often kill cubs to make the female receptive, since the tigress may give birth to another litter within five months if the cubs of the previous litter are lost.
Use of this method may also prevent the typist from being able to see what has been typed without glancing away from the keys.
Using a personalized interface, physicist Stephen Hawking, who suffered from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, managed to type 15 wpm with a switch and adapted software created by Walt Woltosz.
Using the Dvorak keyboard layout, she had maintained 150 wpm for 50 minutes, and 170 wpm for shorter periods, with a peak speed of 212 wpm.
Vaccinations are available for many infectious diseases, as are treatments to eliminate parasites such as worms and fleas.
Variations of basketball are activities based on the game of basketball, using common basketball skills and equipment (primarily the ball and basket).
Venus, rescued as a stray in 2009 in North Carolina, United States, has black and ginger sides to her face and one blue and one green eye.
Videos featuring Maru have an average of 800,000 views each and he is mentioned often in print and televised media discussing Internet celebrities.
ViolaWWW also inspired researchers at the National Center for Supercomputing Applications to create the Mosaic web browser, a pioneering web browser that became Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Vogue magazine has suggested that the popularity of cats on the internet is culturally-specific, being popular in North America, Western Europe, and Japan.
WIth the funding secured, the university broke ground in January 1923 hoping to open the new stadium in time for the 1923 Big Game.
Washington Monthly ranked Berkeley 20th among national universities in 2019, with criteria based on research, community service, and social mobility.
Water basketball - Water basketball, played in a swimming pool, merges basketball and water polo rules.
Water conservation technologies have been installed across campus, and the university employs a variety of techniques to manage storm water.
Wearing their traditional blue and gold rugbies, Rally Committee members can be seen at all major sporting and spirit events.
When Remington started marketing typewriters, the company assumed the machine would not be used for composing but for transcribing dictation, and that the person typing would be a woman.
When a key was struck briskly and firmly, the typebar hit a ribbon (usually made of inked fabric), making a printed mark on the paper wrapped around a cylindrical platen.
When a pride becomes too large, however, the youngest generation of female cubs may be forced to leave to find their own territory.
When a team shoots foul shots, the opponents may not interfere with the shooter, nor may they try to regain possession until the last or potentially last free throw is in the air.
When a typewriter had this facility, it could still be fitted with a solid black ribbon; the lever was then used to switch to fresh ribbon when the first stripe ran out of ink.
When confronted on a kill by lions, spotted hyenas may either leave or wait patiently at a distance of 30-100 m (100-330 ft) until the lions have finished.
When dribbling past an opponent, the dribbler should dribble with the hand farthest from the opponent, making it more difficult for the defensive player to get to the ball.
When first introduced to the rest of the pride, lion cubs lack confidence when confronted with adults other than their mother.
When hunting larger animals, tigers prefer to bite the throat and use their powerful forelimbs to hold onto the prey, often simultaneously wrestling it to the ground.
When in close proximity to humans, tigers will also sometimes prey on such domestic livestock as cattle, horses, and donkeys.
When it overpowers its prey, a cat delivers a lethal neck bite with its two long canine teeth, inserting them between two of the prey's vertebrae and severing its spinal cord, causing irreversible paralysis and death.
When resting, lion socialisation occurs through a number of behaviours; the animal's expressive movements are highly developed.
When tense, tigers will moan, a sound similar to a roar but more subdued and made when the mouth is partially or completely closed.
When the creator of the World Wide Web, Tim Berners-Lee, was asked for an example of a popular use of the internet that he would never had predicted, he answered "Kittens".
When the lion population in Kenya's Masai Mara National Reserve declined, the spotted hyena population increased rapidly.
When winter weather got too icy to play football, teams were taken indoors, and it was convenient to have them split in half and play basketball with five on each side.
Where an infrastructure for wildlife tourism has been developed, cash revenue for park management and local communities is a strong incentive for lion conservation.
Where the keystroke had previously moved a typebar directly, now it engaged mechanical linkages that directed mechanical power from the motor into the typebar.
While YMCA was responsible for initially developing and spreading the game, within a decade it discouraged the new sport, as rough play and rowdy crowds began to detract from YMCA's primary mission.
While asleep, cats experience short periods of rapid eye movement sleep often accompanied by muscle twitches, which suggests they are dreaming.
While he was valedictorian of UC Berkeley's class of 1942, he was unable to attend commencement exercises due to internment.
While most teams describe two players as guards, two as forwards, and one as a center, on some occasions teams choose to call them by different designations.
While playing at West Field, the Bears played important games (namely the Big Game) at neutral site venues in San Francisco and with a new over 20,000 seat stadium, California was able to host the first Big Game played outside of San Francisco.
While shorter players are often at a disadvantage in certain aspects of the game, their ability to navigate quickly through crowded areas of the court and steal the ball by reaching low are strengths.
While the Warriors and the Cleveland Cavaliers have played each other since the Cavaliers joined the NBA in 1970, the two teams' rivalry began to develop in the 2014-15 season when they met in the first of four consecutive NBA Finals.
While the expansion of villages into bush country is one concern, the authors argue conservation policy must mitigate the danger because in this case, conservation contributes directly to human deaths.
While their home court, the Oakland Coliseum Arena, was being extensively renovated, the 1996-97 Warriors played their home games in the San Jose Arena and struggled to a 30-52 finish.
While variation is possible in the dimensions of the court and backboard, it is considered important for the basket to be of the correct height - a rim that is off by just a few inches can have an adverse effect on shooting.
White cover-up ribbons were used with fabric ink ribbons, or an alternate premium design featured plastic lift-off correction ribbons which were used with carbon film typing ribbons.
White lions have occasionally been encountered in and around Kruger National Park and the adjacent Timbavati Private Game Reserve in eastern South Africa.
Wild beasts: a study of the characters and habits of the elephant, lion, leopard, panther, jaguar, tiger, puma, wolf, and grizzly bear.
WildLink International in collaboration with Oxford University launched an ambitious International Barbary Lion Project with the aim of identifying and breeding Barbary lions in captivity for eventual reintroduction into a national park in the Atlas Mountains of Morocco.
William Gibson used a Hermes 2000 model manual typewriter to write Neuromancer and half of Count Zero before a mechanical failure and lack of replacement parts forced him to upgrade to an Apple IIc computer.
William Randolph Hearst, seeking to memorialize his mother, contributed to Howard's resignation by commissioning Bernard Maybeck and Julia Morgan to design a series of dramatic buildings on the southern part of the campus.
With Iguodala back in the lineup, the Warriors went on a 10-game winning streak that included six consecutive wins on a single road trip, tying an NBA record.
With a single keystroke, the typewriter was capable of automatically backspacing and then overstriking the previous characters with minimal marring of the paper.
With a typical head-to-body length of 184-208 cm (72-82 in) they are larger than females at 160-184 cm (63-72 in).
With leadership and improvement in their young players, they were sometimes able to defeat powerhouse teams such as the Boston Celtics, 99-89.
With mechanical typewriters, the number of whose characters (sorts) was constrained by the physical limits of the machine, the number of keys required was reduced by the use of dead keys.
With relatively abundant prey, tigers and leopards were seen to successfully coexist without competitive exclusion or interspecies dominance hierarchies that may be more common to the African savanna, where the leopard exists with the lion.
With the 14th pick of that year's draft, the Warriors selected and signed Anthony Randolph out of LSU.
With the current technology, document preparation is more about using word-processors as a composition aid, changing the meaning of error rate and how it is measured.
With the exception of government contracts, public money is proportioned to Berkeley and the other 9 campuses of the University of California system through the UC Office of the President.
With the introduction of computers and word-processors, there has been a change in how text-entry is performed.
With the minimum string distance error, errors that are corrected do not appear in the transcribed text.
With the shift key, manufacturing costs (and therefore purchase price) were greatly reduced, and typist operation was simplified; both factors contributed greatly to mass adoption of the technology.
With the success of the California football program and the openings of the new football venues for Stanford and USC, the campus community was nearly unanimous in its desire to see the Bears get a new stadium of their own.
With the support of University President Benjamin Ide Wheeler, Howard designed over twenty buildings, which set the tone for the campus up until its expansion in the 1950s and '60s.
With their lone selection in the 2013 NBA draft, the Warriors made 22-year-old Serbian combo-guard Nemanja Nedovic the 30th and final pick of the first round.
Within a dribble, the player cannot carry the ball by placing his hand on the bottom of the ball; doing so is known as carrying the ball.
Within two weeks of starting to write On the Road, Kerouac had one single-spaced paragraph, 120 feet long.
Women's basketball began in 1892 at Smith College when Senda Berenson, a physical education teacher, modified Naismith's rules for women.
Women's basketball was added to the Olympics in 1976, which were held in Montreal, Quebec, Canada with teams such as the Soviet Union, Brazil and Australia rivaling the American squads.
Women's industrial leagues sprang up throughout the United States, producing famous athletes, including Babe Didrikson of the Golden Cyclones, and the All American Red Heads Team, which competed against men's teams, using men's rules.
Wright ended the season with the most three-pointers made in the NBA that season with 194, as well as the most three-pointers attempted with 516; each mark set a new Warriors franchise record.
Yale Blue was originally chosen because many of the university's founders were Yale University graduates (for example Henry Durant, the first university president).
Young lions first display stalking behaviour at around three months of age, although they do not participate in hunting until they are almost a year old and begin to hunt effectively when nearing the age of two.
[sic]" Jason Kottke considers cats to be "easier to objectify" and therefore "easier to make fun of".
an apostrophe, backspace, and period make an exclamation point--a character missing on some early typewriters), or for correction such as with the correcting tape that developed later.
carriage return (CR) - return to the first column of text and, in some systems, switch to the next line.
dead key - a key that, when typed, does not advance the typing position, thus allowing another character to be overstruck on top of the original character.
line feed (LF), also called "newline" - moving the cursor to the next on-screen line of text in a word processor document.
or denominational leagues like Coptic, Syriac/Assyrian basketball leagues in the United States or Canada.
shift - a modifier key used to type capital letters and other alternate "upper case" characters; when pressed and held down, would shift a typewriter's mechanism to allow a different typebar impression (such as 'D' instead of 'd') to press into the ribbon and print on a page.
tab (HT), shortened from "horizontal tab" or "tabulator stop" - caused the print position to advance horizontally to the next pre-set "tab stop".
what this system does is it gives an analysis of the players' functional resources through field-testing and game observation.
